The Outliers, Vol. 1, Book 1:
The scene opens in a darkened, desolate room. A light turns on, and there is a dark-skinned girl strapped to a chair in the middle of a room. She is covered in cuts and bruises. A door creaks open, and she turns her head to look at the person entering. Their face is not shown. 
Masika: I will never tell you where he is. 
Voice: I never asked. The door closes, and his silhouette pulls out a small knife. 
Suddenly, the panel goes black. Matthew, a young man with wavy, dirty-blonde hair jerks awake.
Matt: What… Masika… Where are you?
The scene is a café in Paris, France. Two men, about 20 in age, are sitting at a table. One has blond hair and blue eyes, with an angled face. The other has dark hair and almond eyes, with a softer complexion. A waiter is there, handing them their drinks. He walks away.
Ryan: Damn.
Jace: What?
Ryan: Stupid Europe. I meant to ask for ice—
Jace: I can fix that.
Ryan: Don’t you dare! 
Jace: What? Nobody will notice—
Ryan: Frantically looking around. You don’t know that! 
Jace: Come on…
Ryan: No!
Suddenly, ice crystals appear in Ryan’s water. 
Ryan: Jace!
Jace: What? It was an accident. 
Two police cars drive by in the background following a black car, sirens blaring.
Jace: Hey, you wanna have some fun?
Ryan: with a sigh. Sure, why not. We’ve already exposed ourselves.
Jace gives a smirk. He places some money on the table. They go running after the cars. A young woman in a hijab looks at them over the top of a book. 
The scene opens on a small, run-down apartment. There is a pan of scrambled eggs on the stove, and dirty dishes in the sink. There is a board filled with pictures of children on a map of the United States. There are strings tying them altogether, converging on Chicago, Il. Masika is sitting in a circle of candles, the smoke swirling around her. Her face is looking down, her eyes closed. Suddenly, her head jerks up, and her eyes open, glowing white-gold. 
Her form appears in a deserted warehouse, glowing blue. The building appears to be falling apart. She looks around. Her form flickers, reappearing, into a room where a number of records are kept. She looks around again, a puzzled look on her face. Her form flickers yet again, reappearing in a dark room, with a chair in the middle. The floors and ceilings are covered in dirty white tiles. It is the same room from Matthew’s dream. A voice sounds, its source unknown.
Voice: YOU ARE NOT WELCOME HERE.
Masika: No—It can’t be—
Voice: BEGONE.
Masika: Wait—
A gust of wind blows. Masika’s form flickers, disappearing. The apartment appears again. She collapses, exhausted. She lifts her head, and her eyes open.
Masika: But- He was gone… He disappeared… How has he returned? 
Maskia rises, visibly worried, yet determined. It is obvious that she is calculating scenarios in her head, figuring out the best way to handle the situation.
Masika: If… if he’s back, he’ll be going after Matt… Matt… I need to find him…
Masika begins rummaging through a chest. She soon pulls out a small vial with a strand of hair in it, Matt’s hair. She uncorks the vial, and pulls out the hair, holding it in her hands. She mutters a phrase.
Masika: .mih dniF.
Her eyes glow gold, along with the strand of hair, and the panel goes white.
The scene returns to Paris, in an alley way. A black car pulls in, and two masked men exit the vehicle.
Man #1: I think we lost them.
Man #2: Just help me get the stuff out, before they find us again.
Man #1: Relax, we lost ‘em! We’re home free!
Jace: Oh, are you now?
Jace appears on the rooftop and Ryan appear from the sky. Jace wears blue and white Cethan garb, with gauntlets. Ryan is clad in a red and white version. His skin is covered in feathers, with wings protruding out of his back. His eyes are golden with black slits, and he has talons for feet and hands. He is nearly unrecognizable. Jace jumps down to the ground, and Ryan lands next to him.
Man #1: What the—
Ryan: Hell? Yeah, we know, we’ve heard it before.
Jace: You might want to run now.
Man #2: Pulls out gun. We aren’t going anywhere. Points the gun at Jace.
Suddenly, a blast of water crashes into him, pushing him against the side wall of the alley. The water freezes, trapping him against wall. The other man attempts to run out of the alley way. Ryan jumps after him, flying through the alley way. The man turns to look behind him, just as Ryan tackles him from the air. Ryan ends up landing on his chest, pinning him down.
Ryan: Well, at least you know how to follow instructions. 
Ryan walks him back up the alley way, with his hands behind his back. The other man is shouting at Jace in French, but it has no effect.
Jace: Look, I’m sorry, I don’t speak French—
Ryan: Here’s the other one. Sees the man yelling at Jace. Bonjour. Y a t’il un probleme? <Hello. Is there a problem?>
Man #2: #@*! off! Ryan appears startled.
Jace: Since when do you speak French?
Ryan: Since Thursday. You know, this guy seems kind of mad at you. You should really learn some of the local language before visiting somewhere. It helps you to not piss people off. 
Jace: I’m sure that’s the reason he’s angry. Hears sirens in the distance. 
Ryan: Cops are on the way. Let’s go.
Jace: What, we can’t say hi?
They walk out of the alley, with Ryan shifting back to normal. A young woman in a hijab walks by in the background.
The next scene opens in the middle of a small town, with the New Mexican desert surrounding it in the background. There is a school, and a bell rings. As the kids leave, the scene focuses on a small fifteen-year-old trans boy, Nathan, who has medium black hair swept to the side and brown skin. He wears a small loop in one ear. As he leaves, he is followed by three other kids. Nathan begins walking home on a deserted street. As he is walking, the kids following him get closer and closer.
Kid #1: Hey Natalie. How’s it hanging?
Kid #2: Yeah, do you need some real men to help you carry your bags?
Nathan: Just leave me alone. 
Kid #1: Leave you alone? Nah, that would be boring.
Kid #3: Instead, how ‘bout we have a little bit of fun, eh? Throws a rock at Nathan.
Nathan: Hey, what the hell?
Kid #2: What, it’s just a little fun. You’re a man now. You can take it.
Kid #2 attempts to punch Nathan. Nathan dodges, just as Kid #1 punches him from the other side. He falls on the ground. 
Kid #3: Hah, fairy. 
Kid #3 kicks Nathan. As his foot hits, a crunch is heard, and Kid #3 falls to the ground, yelling. Nathan stands up.
Nathan: I told you to LEAVE ME ALONE.
Nathan punches Kid #2, and sends him flying against a car. Kid #1 stares at Nathan, with a scared look.
Kid #1: What are you? Freak!
Kid #1 rushes at Nathan. When Kid #1 reaches him, Nathan phases through his attack, turns around, and grabs the hood of his sweater, pulling him down to the ground. Nathan puts a foot on his chest, and Kid #1 begins to sink into the ground, screaming.
Nathan: Leave. Me. Be. 
Kid #3 stands, staring at Nathan, before beginning to limp away as fast as he is able to. Nathan smirks. 
Nathan: Coward.
The scene opens in a house, with a motherly figure on the phone in the kitchen. The front door opens, and Nathan walks in.
Nathan’s Mom: No Mike, she- he doesn’t want to see you. Why? Because you refused to support his transition! Notices Nathan. I- I’ve got to go. He just got back from school. She hangs up the phone. 
Nathan: With a morose look. …Dad?
Nathan’s Mom: Hesitantly responds. Yeah, but nothing to be worried about. Her face turns to a smile. How was school today? And I’m making your favorite for dinner, green chile enchiladas!
Nathan: School- School was fine. I’m just going to be in my room for a bit.
Nathan’s Mom: Yeah, that’s fine. I’ll let you know when dinner is ready. 
Nathan: Standing in the hallway, about to leave the room. Hesitates. I- I love you, Mom. 
Nathan’s Mom: Surprised, but happy. I love you too, son. 
Both smile, and Nathan leaves the room. The panel goes black.
 
The Outliers, Vol. 1, Book 2:
The scene opens on a dimly-lit hotel room. There is a bed on one side, with two figures on it, one on top of the other. The scene focuses in on the pair, Jace and Ryan. They are being intimate, shirtless, with bedsheets covering their lower bodies. 
Ryan: You know, if you told me years ago that I’d be getting it on with a fish person right now, I’d call you crazy.
Jace: I’m NOT a fish person.
Ryan: Tell that to Walt Disney… Jace raises an eyebrow at him. You still haven’t seen The Little Mermaid, have you?
Jace: I’m sorry, but that’s not really what’s on my mind right now. 
Ryan: Biting his lip. Oh? So, what is on your mind then?
Jace: You’ll just have to find out. Jace goes in for a kiss.
Suddenly, the room seems to bend, to warp around a point in the corner of the room. A form begins to appear there. Both Jace and Ryan notice, pausing their actions, looking at the corner. The figure steps forward. It is a young woman with black hair pulled into a short pony-tail. She is wearing a black and purple track suit. On her waist, she wears a clunky, high-tech belt.
Ryan: Daphne?!
Daphne: Hey Rya—Oh god! Daphne covers her eyes with her hand. Cover up please!
Jace: Oh, sorry! Jace and Ryan quickly rush to cover themselves with sheets.
Ryan: Daphne, you can’t just barge in like that—
Daphne: Sorry, it was important! Is Mom’s birthday the 13th or the 14th of September?
Ryan: You came here just to ask that? 
Daphne: Well I don’t want to miss it!
Ryan: It’s the 11th of October.
Daphne: Oh. Well I guess I have more time than I thought. What’s today again?
Jace: The 22nd of August. 
Daphne: I could’ve sworn it was later than that… wait the 22nd… isn’t that your anniversary?
Jace and Ryan look at each other, and then at Daphne.
Jace and Ryan, simultaneously: Yep.
Daphne: Oh, well then why—suddenly enlightened. Ooh… I—I should leave. I—
Jace: Its fine. Stay. I’ll go make us some coffee.
The next scene opens in a park. Matthew stands in a street, looking at a bench where a woman in a hijab is sitting. She is surrounded by squirrels and birds, and seems to be talking to them. Matthew walks forward. He notices the Washington monument in the background, and a street sign marking the corner of Pennsylvania and 15th St. She looks up, noticing him.
Sami: Hello.
Matt: Surprised. Hi?
Sami: It’s a fine day, isn’t it? 
Matt: Yeah, I guess so… Do I… know you from somewhere?
Sami: No. Well, not yet anyway. But you will. 
Matt: I—I didn’t realize this was one of my dreams…
Sami: It isn’t one of your dreams. It’s one of mine.
Suddenly the dream blurs, and becomes brighter. There is a blinding light, and Matthew opens his eyes to see the sun shining through his bedroom window. He stands, looking out through the window, eyeing the Denver skyline. 
Matt: Washington…
He gets dressed and quickly grabs a jacket, with a half-eaten pop tart in his mouth. He rushes out the door, barely remembering to lock it.
The next scene shows Nathan, who is in class taking a test. Nathan looks up at a clock, before the door to the classroom opens. A man walks in and goes to the teacher, whispering in her ear. 
Teacher: Nathan, the principal would like to see you. I’ll take your test.
Nathan: Yes Ma’am.
Nathan walks up to the teacher and hands her the test. He is then shown walking to the principal’s office and knocking on the door. 
Principal: Come in.
Nathan opens the door, and sees his mother sitting across from the principal.
Principal: Hello Nathan. Take a seat. 
Nathan: What am I here for—
Principal: Please, just take a seat. 
Nathan takes a seat, glancing at his mom. She does not appear to know what this meeting is about.
Principal: It has come to our attention that you met up with some other boys after school yesterday? 
Nathan’s Mom glances at him. 
Principal: And that somehow, one of the boys broke his foot. And another had crushed a car. And the final boy… let’s just say we aren’t sure how to get him out of his… predicament. Do you know anything about this?
Nathan: No.
Principal: Really? Because according to my sources—
Nathan: I don’t know anything, OK?!
Nathan’s Mom: Nathan…
Principal: Very well. You will be suspended for three days, until you decide to talk.
Nathan: What? That doesn’t even make any sense!
Nathan’s Mom: You can’t be serious?
Principal: Ms. Lopez, you may go with your son. I will see you in three days’ time.
The next scene shows Nathan and his mother in a car. 
Nathan’s Mom: I can’t believe that man! Thinking he can just suspend you like that!
She glances at Nathan, who is unresponsive.
Nathan’s Mom: You know something, don’t you?
Nathan: I don’t want to talk about it.
Nathan’s Mom: Come on, talk to me—
Nathan: MOM!!!
They both look forward and notice that she is about to run a red light. She slams on the brakes, but it is too late and the car drifts into the intersection. They look to the side, as a semi-truck is headed right at them. Nathan grabs his mom’s arm as the truck hits. The panel goes black.
The next scene opens in Matthew’s apartment. It appears messy and abandoned, with a half-eaten pop-tart lying on a plate on a nightstand. A golden portal opens in the middle of the room, and out steps Masika. She looks around. 
Masika: Where did you go, Matt?
She walks toward the nightstand, and then towards a desk in the corner. There is a laptop on the desk. Masika opens it, and on the screen, there is a receipt for a plane ticket to Washington D.C., set to leave at 3:20 pm. She looks at the clock on the nightstand: it reads 3:37 pm.
Masika: Why are you going to Washington?
There is a knock on the door. Masika backs into a corner behind the door. A voice calls.
Voice #1: Hello, is anyone there? Pause. Hello?
Voice #2: I think he’s gone. 
Voice #1: Perfect. 
There is a large bang as the door is knocked open. Two men walk in, wearing identical clothes. One is slightly taller than the other. They look around the room, but it appears empty.
Man #1: I guess you were right. He is gone.
The men walk forward, and Masika appears from the shadows behind them. She exits the door, and closes it. As she does, one of the men turns around and notices her. 
Man #2: Hey, stop!
Masika: !ecorf htiw hsuP!
The door flies into the room with enough force to break it off its hinges. It hits Man #2, pushing him against the wall on the other side of the room, knocking him out. Masika runs off into the hall way. Man #1 quickly exits the room, following her.
Masika: !reappasiD!
Man #1 pulls out a gun and shoots at her in the hallway. As he does, Masika disappears into thin air, and the bullet hits the wall behind where she was. Man #1 appears defeated, breathing heavily.
The next scene shows Ryan, Jace, and Daphne sitting at a table in a small kitchen, drinking coffee from steaming mugs.
Daphne: So, what are you two doing in France? It took me a while to find you. 
Ryan: I’m here for a conference.
Jace: And I’m tagging along for a romantic anniversary weekend.
Daphne: What makes France so romantic anyway? I never understood. Is it the creepy mime guys, or maybe the overabundance of—
Suddenly Masika’s form appears, glowing blue. 
Daphne: Ghosts?
Masika: Jace?
Jace: Masika? What are you doing here?
Masika: Matt’s in trouble. You need to get to Washington D.C., NOW.
Jace: Sure, I’ll get there as soon as I can—
Masika: I’ll find you there.
Masika’s form flickers, and disappears. Ryan and Daphne look at each other.
Daphne: Everybody else saw that, right?
Ryan: Jace, what just happened? Who’s Matt?
Daphne: And who was the weird spirit lady?
Jace: I’ll tell you on the way. We need to get to Washington D.C.

The Outliers, Vol. 1, Book 3:
Masika’s form flickers, and disappears. Ryan and Daphne look at each other.
Daphne: Everybody else saw that ghost, right?
Ryan: Jace, what just happened? Who’s Matt?
Jace: I’ll tell you on the way. We need to get to Washington D.C. Daphne, can you teleport us there?
Daphne: No. I can only teleport myself safely. Without either of you wearing my tech, you might end up anywhere in the world. It would take forever to find you.
Ryan: Your tech?
Daphne: Fine. I stole it. It isn’t mine. Still doesn’t solve our problem.
Ryan: Can we get a flight there?
Jace: No. It’d take too much time. Maybe…
The next scene opens next to La Seine in Paris. Jace, Daphne, and Ryan are standing at the water’s edge.
Jace: …My mother can help.
 Jace is looking over into the depths of the water. His eyes are glowing blue. He begins to bend the water into the form of a woman, the water swirling around her.
Jace: Alanna.
At the mention of her name, the figure of Jace’s mother begins to solidify, until she has taken its place. 
Jace: Hello mother. 
Alanna: Jace. And… Ryan.
Ryan: Hello. Nice to see you again. 
Alanna: I wish I could say the same.
Daphne: Whispering. Well she’s a real charmer, isn’t she?
Alanna: Glares at Daphne. I could hear that. What is it you need, son?
Jace; We need to get to Washington D.C., quickly. Can you authorize our use of the Cethan transport system?
Alanna: Why must I help you? Often, I have given you assistance, but rarely do I get anything in return. 
Jace: Can we not get into this right now? We just need to get to Washington—
Alanna: No. First you leave me after your father’s death. Then you disrespect my views on your romantic interests. You do not deserve—
Ryan: Look, we just need—
Alanna: Excuse me?! How dare you interrupt—
Daphne: Oh, can it, seaweed hair. We get it. Family troubles. Blah blah blah. Just let us go to Washington so that we can help this guy named Matt. 
Alanna: Directed at Jace. You need to go to Washington to help Matthew Downing?
Jace: Sighs. Yes.
Alanna: Considering. Very well. You may use the transport system. But know that I am not doing this for you: I am doing this as a favor to Matthew Downing. From what you’ve told me of his powers, he could be very useful to society. Looking at Jace and Ryan. We will talk later.
Ryan: Looking forward to it.
Alanna disappears with a cascade of water, glancing quickly at Ryan before she is gone.
Jace: Obviously troubled. Let’s go.
Jace touches his hand to the water, and out rises a Cethan Sphere. The sphere opens, and the three of them step in. As the sphere closes, it begins to sink into the water. Submerged, it disappears under the surface faster than a blink of an eye, leaving behind a trail of light.
The next scene replays the car crash with Nathan and his Mom. The semi-truck is seen coming toward the side of the car, viewed from inside. The panel goes black. The view zooms out, and watches the truck hit the car from the point of view of an onlooker. However, the crash does not go as one would expect: as the truck hits the car, it crumples, barely damaging or moving the car. The inside of the car is shown, with Nathan holding his mother’s arm. His mom is looking away from where the truck is, eyes closed, in a state of fear. 
Nathan’s Mom: Her eyes open and look to the side. Nathan, what just happened?
Nathan: We need to get out of here, now. Before people see me…
Nathan’s Mom: Obviously exasperated and confused. What… How…How are we… alive?
Nathan: Later. Just follow me.
Nathan grabs her hand, and pulls them out of the car, phasing through it. He notices a crowd starting to gather. They run away from the scene together. They eventually end up back at their house, quickly closing the door behind them.
Nathan’s Mom: With her hands on her temples. Ok… Now, what just happened in that car crash?
Nathan: Mom…
Nathan’s Mom: NO. Tell me what happened, no excuses.
Nathan: Recently I’ve… been able to do things…
Nathan’s Mom: What things?
Nathan: I… I think I can… Change my density?
Nathan’s Mom: Change your density? What does that even mean?
Nathan: Like…
Nathan walks over to a wall. He places his hand on the wall, concentrating, and pushes. His hand falls through.
Nathan’s Mom: Ok. What else?
Nathan: I can also increase my density.
Nathan walks into his room, and then walks back out, holding a baseball bat. He hands it to his mom. 
Nathan: Hit me. 
Nathan’s Mom: I’m not going to hit my son…
Nathan: Mom.
Nathan’s Mom: Obviously concerned. …Fine.
Nathan’s Mom grabs the bat, and lightly hits him with it.
Nathan: Come on mom, really hit me.
Nathan’s Mom: Hush, that was just a warm-up. I’ll have you know I played softball back in the day.
Nathan’s Mom swings the baseball bat again, hitting Nathan. The baseball bat shatters, and Nathan is left unmoved, unscathed.
Nathan’s Mom: What. The. Hell. Why have you not told me about this?
Nathan: Mom, I—I didn’t want you to think I’m more of a freak than I already am.
Nathan’s Mom: Honey, you aren’t a freak. You were just born in the wrong body, that’s all. Your powers are a little freaky, but you as a person are not. 
Nathan: You know you’re the best mom any trans boy could ask for, right?
Nathan’s Mom: Yeah, I do. Now let’s just go get some sleep. It’s been a long day. We’ll talk in the morning. Good night.
Nathan’s Mom: Good night, mom.
The next scene opens in a park, early in the morning. Matthew stands in a street, looking at a bench where a woman in a hijab is sitting. She is surrounded by squirrels and birds, and seems to be talking to them. Matthew walks forward. He notices the Washington monument in the background, and a street sign marking the corner of Pennsylvania and 15th St. She looks up, noticing him.
Sami: I’ve been waiting for you. Please, have a seat.
Matthew walks over to the bench and hesitantly sits next to the woman.
Matt: Who are—
Sami: My name is Sami. And you are Matthew.
Matt: How did you know my name?
Sami: I have the power to hear the thoughts of people… And animals. She gestures around her, the animals still surrounding her. She looks directly at him, and her voice echoes in his mind. 
Sami: But that’s not all I can do.
Matt: Looks around, trying to find the source of the voice, but there is none. How…?
Sami: Matthew, you have seen some amazing things in this world. The Cethan… Masika… This should be no surprise to you.
Matt: Considering. Why did you call me here?
Sami: I believe there is some aspect of your powers that you have yet to discover.
Matt: What do you mean?
Sami: I—I am not sure. My gifts do not tell me everything. However, I do know how you can find out. A friend of mine will help you.
Suddenly, a small sand fox jumps on Matthew’s lap. It looks into his eyes. As it does, Matthew’s vision begins to dim, and he slowly collapses, asleep. Just before he does, he hears Sami say one last phrase.
Sami: I will protect your body while you rest. But it is up to you to protect your mind.
The last panel shows the inside of Matthew’s mind: He is standing in his childhood house, and there is a knock on the door. He goes to open it. When he opens the door, he is looking into a mirror, but it does not show his reflection: it shows a small boy—A childhood Matt.
Younger Matt: Hello. Would you like to play a game? 
 
The Outliers, Vol. 1, Book 4:
 The first scene opens underwater. A string of light goes past, at the speed of sound in water. The next panel shows Jace, Ryan, and Daphne standing inside a glowing orb, the ocean racing past them. 
Jace: We should be in D.C. soon. Then all we have to do is find Matt and Masika. 
Ryan: Speaking of which, who are they? How do you know them?
Daphne: Yeah! Tell us about ghost-lady!
Jace: It was a long time ago, almost six years before I met you. My dad had just died and… I ran away from home. I was distraught.
As Jace speaks, flashbacks are occurring. It is raining, and a home is shown. Jace bursts out of the front door into a rainy night. He starts running, leaving the door open, light flowing onto the street.
Jace: I was on the streets for a while, before Matt found me. He… saw me in his dreams.
The flashback show Matt finding Jace huddled behind some crates in an alley way. It then shows a dream version, with everything blurred.
Ryan: He… saw you in his dreams?
Jace: Matt has the power to foresee the future. Whatever he sees in his dreams must come true, exactly as it is seen. And… That’s actually how we found Masika. She was 11 at the time, and she had been kidnapped. Matt and I rescued her. 
The flashbacks show Jace and Matt finding Masika in a dark room. They open the door and Masika looks at them, crying.
Matthew: It’s okay. The bad man is gone.
Jace: We’re here to help you. What’s your name?
Masika: …Ma- Masika.
The scene cuts back to the Sphere.
Jace: After that, we were on the streets. We took care of each other for almost two and a half years. We put Masika through school, and taught her what we could. Of course, she taught us a lot too…
Another Flashback is shown, with Masika levitating, fire in her hands.
Jace: Masika has power over the magical arts. She’s one of the most incredible people I’ve ever seen, no offense to you two.
Ryan: None taken.
Daphne: She sounds incredible.
Jace: Eventually we split apart. I headed to Cetho to find my mother, Matt went home, and Masika started taking care of kids in need. Protecting them from abuse, and so on. Three years later, and I met you, Ryan.
A flashback shows a young Masika standing in front of a child, protecting them from an abusive parent.
Masika: You. Will. Not. Hurt. Her.
Another shows a plane crashing into the pacific, and Ryan floating in the wreckage. The Ceth are shown looking up at the crash from below.
Daphne: So Masika and Matt—
Jace: Are like family to me. 
Ryan: Well then let’s go save Matt, cause I think we just arrived.
The sphere comes to a halt, and rises out of the water in the middle of Washington D.C., right next to the Jefferson Monument. 
The next scene opens in Matt’s mind.
Younger Matt: Hello. Would you like to play a game?
Matt: What kind of game?
Younger Matt: Hide and Seek! I’ll hide, you seek!
Younger Matthew runs off to hide, still in the mirror. Matthew tries to go through the mirror to find him, but is unable to pass through the surface. He turns around, looking around the house. He walks to his old bedroom, opening the door. Inside, he finds a slightly older younger Matthew, trying to climb out his bedroom window.
Younger Matthew: Looks like you found me. Are you coming or not?
Younger Matthew jumps out the window. Matthew follows. When he lands, he is in the kitchen of the house. He looks on, as his father is talking on the phone. 
Matt’s Father: Yeah, he just… left. I don’t know why, he didn’t leave a note or anything. If anyone found out about—pause. He’s more important that he knows. If Kastor finds him…
Matthew’s Father turns around, noticing him.
Matt’s Father: I’ve got to go. Hangs up the phone. I was worried about you, for reasons that you didn’t need to know back then. But I guess it’s time now.
As Matt’s Father begins to talk with him, flashbacks occur, showing famous scenes of the people mentioned.
Matt’s Father: Every couple centuries, a prophet or two is born: a being who can see the future, and see exactly how it will occur. Moses, Aristotle, Jesus, Muhammad, Joan of Arc, Leonardo Da Vinci, Mahatma Gandhi, Albert Einstein, Martin Luther King. Flashbacks show each of the people mentioned. Each of these people had a tremendous impact on society, all because of their ability to see the future. However, there are limits to this power. The future will happen as you see it, but only as long as… 
The scene cuts to a view of Matthew laying on Sami’s lap, with a man staring at them.  
Matt’s Father: You’re alive.
The scene cuts to Nathan’s house, in his bedroom. His mom walks in, and brings him breakfast.
Nathan’s Mom: Hey, are you awake?
Nathan: Uhnn… I am now.
Nathan’s Mom: Get dressed. I’m taking off work today. We’re going to have some mother-son bonding time while you’re suspended.
Nathan: Huh?
Nathan’s Mom: Be ready to go in fifteen minutes.
The next scene shows them driving in a car.
Nathan: Where are we even going?
Nathan’s Mom: You’ll find out. We’re almost there.
The car pulls over to the side of the road. There is nobody around. 
Nathan’s Mom: We’re here!
Nathan: Here is the middle of nowhere.
Nathan’s Mom: Exactly. We’re going to test out your powers.
Nathan: …We are?
Nathan’s Mom: Yeah! Why do you think we’re in the middle of nowhere?
Nathan’s Mom pulls out some materials from the trunk of the car. In the back, there are a number of baseball bats, both metal and wood, some weights, and a first aid kit. There are also a number of clay disks.
Nathan’s Mom: Come on, it’ll be fun!
Nathan’s Mom prepares to throw a clay disk at him.
Nathan’s Mom: Are you ready? 
Nathan:  Hit me. 
Nathan’s Mom throws the disk at him, but it does not shatter or pass through. Instead, Nathan hunches over in pain, holding his side.
Nathan: Aaagghh…
Nathan’s Mom: Running towards Nathan. Oh my god! Are you alright? What happened?
Nathan: I have no idea. Maybe it’s triggered by adrenaline? Try again. 
Nathan’s Mom hesitates, and then throws another disk. It hits Nathan square in the chest, knocking him to the ground.
Nathan’s Mom: Nathan!
Nathan: Beginning to rise. Unnhh… I don’t think this is working.
The scene cuts to Masika, who is walking toward Sami and Matt, who is still on her lap. Sami looks up at Masika as she approaches. 
Masika: What have you done to him? 
Sami: It is not what you think—
Masika: Give him to me.
Sami: I am protecting him, just as you are.
Masika: He is not yours to protect—
Sami: I know your history, how he saved you. But he is as much mine to protect as he is yours.
Masika: How dare you! After all he’s done for me: And then a stranger—
Sami: Not a stranger, a friend. Plus, I am not the one you need to protect him from.
Sami gestures in the direction of a rather large man, who is looking in their direction. His face is covered. He notices them looking at him. 
Masika: That man… I recognize him… He was at Matthew’s apartment. 
Man #1: Walking towards the group. Give me the boy.
Masika: No.
Sami: Leave. This is not your fight.
Masika: Yes, it is!
Sami: That was not directed at you.
Man #1: I will not leave. This is my fight, more than you will ever know.
Sami: I wouldn’t be too sure of that. I know a lot.
Man #1: Enough. He raises his foot, preparing to stomp the ground.
Sami: Masika, look out!
Man #1 brings his foot down, and Masika goes flying into the air as a column of stone appears beneath her, rising quickly from the ground. She lands out of breath hundreds of feet away, staring at the scene.
Man #1: Prepare to feel the rage of Onslaught!
The Outliers, Vol. 1, Book 5:
 The scene is of Jace, Ryan, and Daphne standing on the Washington mall.
Daphne: So how do we find Mr. See-the-future?
Jace: I actually have no idea.
Suddenly, a large boom sounds in the distance, and a cloud of dust rises above the skyline.
Ryan: Well, with our luck, he’s probably over there.
The three of them begin to run in that direction.
The scene cuts to Masika, laying on the ground after the attack from Onslaught. She begins to stand with a struggle. 
Masika: You will not touch him!  
Flames appear in her hands, and she begins to throw fire at Onslaught. However, Onslaught creates a shield of earth, and then pushes it at Masika, sending her flying. At this moment, Jace, Ryan, and Daphne come running up, noticing the fight, and Matthew laying on the bench, Sami standing beside him. Sami’s voice sounds inside their minds. “Protect him!”
Jace: Daphne, help them! Pointing at Sami and Matthew. 
Daphne: On it! She teleports to their side, helping Sami move Matthew out of the area, who is beginning to wake.
Matthew: …What’s happening…?
Ryan and Jace begin running toward the fight. Ryan transfigures into rhinoceros-form, while Jace bends water towards him to use in the fight.
The scene is Nathan’s home.  He and his mom are sitting in the living room, watching T.V. A headline comes on, reading “Breaking News.” Nathan and his mom look at each other, and then back at the T.V.
Reporter: Breaking News! Right now, in Washington D.C., four super-powered individuals appear to be engaged in battle, a mere half mile from The White House. 
The battle is shown on screen, behind the reporter.
Reporter: Luckily, the president is still in attendance at a peace conference in Barcelona. Nevertheless, both the White House and the Capital have been placed on lockdown, and the National Guard is on standby in case the situation gets worse. This is Jan Jewett, live in Washington D.C. We’ll keep you updated.
The scene cuts back to Jace, Ryan, and Onslaught, who are fighting. Onslaught is covered in a shell of earth and wrestling Ryan, while Jace is battling an army of clay constructs. Onslaught punches Ryan in the gut, sending him flying against the wall of a building, bricks falling around and on top of him. He transforms back into human form. Jace notices him lying on the ground, with Onslaught walking towards him. 
Jace: Ryan! Jace yells, just as he is hit by one of the clay figures. 
Onslaught gets closer and closer, covered in earth, and winds his arm back. Just as he is about to punch Ryan, however, Masika appears out of thin air, summoning a shield to block the attack. He hits, shattering the shield. Masika is obviously tired from her previous fight and the strength required to block the attack. She summons another shield as he attacks again. It shatters as well. Jace is trying to get there as fast as he can, but he is slowly being overrun by the army of clay figures, who seem to be reappearing every time one is put down. 
The scene cuts to Sami, Daphne, and Matthew, who are trying to get away from the fight. They turn onto a street, as a number of police cars with sirens drive past, along with a SWAT van. They walk along the street, until Sami stops them.
Sami: We need to get out of here, now.
Daphne: Okay, should I… call a taxi?
Sami: Daphne, teleport us, now.
Matt and Sami’s eyes scan the streets around them, which are crowded with people.
Daphne: How do you—
Sami: Now’s not the time. 
Daphne: Look, I can’t do that—
Suddenly, Sami screams, falling to the ground.
Sami: Holding her head in pain. Daphne! He’s here… we need to go, now!
A voice echoes around the group. 
Kastor: I’m afraid it’s already too late, my dear.
Daphne: Who said that—
Matt: Falls to his knees, screaming in pain. Aaagghhh! Daphne!
Daphne: I can’t lose you… not like I lost—
Sami: Screams. Aaagghhh! He’s too powerful… Holding her hands to her head. I can’t hold him off much longer. He’s killing Matt…
Daphne: I can’t, I’m sorry—
Matt: You’re going to lose us either way. The question is, would you like to lose us dead, or alive?!
Daphne hesitates, and then grabs ahold of Matt and Sami. She closes her eyes, and the group vanishes as space bends around them.
The next scene focuses on Masika, who is still defending Ryan from Onslaught’s attacks. Her shield breaks yet again, and she collapses, exhausted. Jace is fighting off the army of clay men, and is finally beginning to make headway, when he notices Masika collapsed, and Onslaught preparing to attack again.
Jace: NO!!! 
He yells, as a rush of water burst around him, throwing off all of the clay figures. He rides the wave of water in-front of Onslaught’s attack, causing him to hesitate. Jace bends the water into a column of ice, which hits Onslaught in the gut, sending him flying back. Onslaught stands, with a struggle, and begins walking toward Jace, before stopping. A dark figure appears before them. He is dark-skinned, with purple and gold eyes. As he enters the screen, darkness surrounds the area, eclipsing the sun. Kastor holds up his hand, beckoning Onslaught to stay there. He begins walking toward Jace. 
Kastor: Go home, Cethan. You do not belong here.
Jace: You. Will. Not. Hurt. Them!
Jace shoots a barrage of icicles in his direction. Every time one reaches Kastor, the ice spike passes through him, as though he were made of smoke. He walks closer and closer to Jace, before he stops. He raises his hand, as if he were a puppet master. He flicks his wrist, which is covered in a glowing red aura, and the icicles stop. Jace’s eyes widen, as he is lifted into the air, surrounded by the same red light, and then smashed into the ground, mimicking the motion of Kastor’s hand. This is repeated a few more times, before Kastor stops. Jace lays unmoving on the ground. 
Kastor: Take them. He beckons toward Onslaught, who has moved closer.
Onslaught and two clay copies of himself grab the unconscious Ryan, Jace, and Masika, and walk away, following Kastor. They turn, and are confronted by a large number of military personnel.
Military Commander: Halt! By order of the President of the United States, you are under arrest. Drop the superhumans and surrender, or you will be taken by force. 
Kastor: I’d prefer not to. He raises his hand, and each person is covered in a red aura. They all slowly fall to the ground, unconscious.
Kastor: He chuckles. Humans. What barbarians.
Kastor and Onslaught continue walking, stepping over the unconscious bodies.
The next scene opens on a darkened home. Space bends, and Daphne and Sami appear in the house. They are both breathing heavily.
Daphne: Matt… where is he?
Sami: We lost him, but he is safe, for now.
Daphne: But how will we—
Sami: He will be fine. 
Daphne: How do you know—
Sami: Trust me. He is in good hands.
Daphne: giving Sami a weird look. So, who are you, a Jedi?
Sami: Not quite, though I have a somewhat similar philosophy on life. You may call me Sami.
Daphne: Daphne. But somehow, you already knew that, didn’t you? How?
Sami: The same way I know that we are currently in your parent’s house in Berkeley, and that you are afraid of their reactions when they find out you are here.
Daphne: You can read minds, can’t you? God, psychics are annoying.
Sami: Then it’s good I’m not psychic.
Suddenly, a light turns on in a distant stairway. Voices are heard from above. “I heard people talking…” “I think there’s someone downstairs…” Two people begin walking down the stairs, a flashlight in the front person’s hands. The light turns on Daphne and Sami, and the two people on the stairs come into view. Both are middle aged. One is male, handsome, with short black hair and glasses. The other is female, with black hair pulled into a small bun, and almond eyes. They both look at Daphne, surprised.
Sue: Daphne?
Daphne: Hi Mom. Dad.
They all look at each other, surprised. Daphne seems embarrassed, in a way.

 
The Outliers, Vol. 1, Book 6:
The scene opens on Nathan’s living room, where he and his mom are sitting, still watching the T.V., where the reporter has returned.
Reporter: I’m coming to you live, from Washington D.C., where the aftermath of a super-powered battle can be seen. 
The screen shows a building with a collapsed wall, and cracks spreading throughout the rest of the wall. The street is ruined, covered in rubble and cracks.
Reporter: The Department of Homeland Security is working hard to assess and repair the damage. However, the whereabouts of those responsible for the damage is unknown: The inhumans seem to have disappeared without a trace. The FBI is investigating.
Nathan’s Mom turns off the T.V. She looks at her son.
Nathan’s Mom: It’s Washington D.C. How do they lose someone?
Nathan: No idea. 
Nathan’s Mom: Anyway, do you want some coff—
Space bends, and a young man with wavy, dirty-blonde hair and a freckled face falls to the floor.
Nathan: What the—
Nathans Mom: Jesus Christ! What was that!
Nathan and his mom rush over to Matt, who is barely conscious. Matt notices them staring at his face in shock.
Matt: …Nathan…
Matthew goes entirely unconscious. Nathan’s Mom looks at Nathan.
Nathan’s Mom: Do you know this guy?
Nathan: looking puzzled. No. But apparently, he knows me.
The scene opens on the home of Daphne and Ryan’s parents. There is a wall entirely made of windows, and the sun is beginning to rise behind them. Sami and Daphne are sitting at a kitchen table, with Sue and Dan young sitting across from them. Nobody is speaking. Sami is stirring a cup of tea with her telekinesis.
Sue: So… You two escaped from the Washington attack. 
Daphne: Yes.
Sue: And what about—
Daphne: Ryan? We have no idea. Same thing with Jace.
Dan: And you have no idea where this Matt guy is?
Daphne: Most likely, he is somewhere between here and Washington D.C.
Sue: Sweetie, you just described the entire mainland United States.
Daphne: Which is why I brought us here. Once we get a general location for them, Sami can use her powers to lead us to their exact location.
They look at Sami. She is in the middle of reading a book. There is a fox on her shoulder, who appears to be reading the book alongside her.
Daphne: I—We need your help with that.
Dan: We’d love to help.
The next scene opens in a lab. Dan and Sue are wearing white lab coats and safety goggles, And Daphne is with them. Sami is sitting on the ground, playing with her fox. 
Dan: When Ryan got back from his unexpected trip down under, he shared with us some of the technology the Ceth introduced him to.
Sue: When they helped him perfect his transformations, the Ceth introduced a slightly radioactive material to his serum.
Dan: The substance is actually quite remarkable. It can catalyze the reaction of the serum with Ryan’s genes without permanently mutating them. You know, the applications of—
Daphne: Dad, I love a sidetrack as much as the next person, but please, can we get back on topic? I’d really like to find my prodigal brother.
Dan: Right, sorry.
Sue: We can track him by the serum’s radioactive signature. There’s only one problem: we need a sample of Ryan’s transformation serum.
Dan: Which we do not have.
Daphne looks around nervously.
Sami: Without looking up from playing with her fox. I think Daphne might be able to help with that.
Daphne glares at her. Dan and Sue give her questioning looks. Daphne rolls her eyes, hesitates, and pulls a small vial out of a pocket on her waistband.
Daphne: Here.
Dan and Sue raise eyebrows at her.
Daphne: What? 
Dan and Sue continue to stare at her.
Daphne: Fine, I swiped it from his hotel room in Paris. I thought it looked like fun.
The scene opens on a darkened, empty room. Jace sits in the middle of it, strapped to a chair. He is fatigued, but appears otherwise unharmed. A door opens, and an orange light flows in. The door closes, and the room goes black. An orb of red fire bursts to life, floating in midair. Jace winces. The camera turns, and Kastor is standing across from Jace. Kastor pulls out a knife, cleaning it with a handkerchief. Kastor eyes Jace.
Kastor: …You remember me, yes?
Jace is silent.
Kastor: I’m sure you do. How could you not? I did almost kill you, after all.
Jace stares at Kastor.
Kastor: That first meeting… I never got the chance to fully understand who you are. But now…
Kastor takes the knife and stabs Jace’s hand into the handle of the chair. Jace screams, breathing heavily. Kastor takes two fingers and dabs them into the pooling blood. He takes the blood and raises his fingers to his face. He stares at his fingers, and his eyes glow red, along with the blood on his hands. They stop glowing, and Kastor looks upset. He stares at his fingers again, and his eyes glow a brighter red, but the blood is dimmer. They stop again. Kastor looks disappointed. He tries yet again, energy flowing out of his eyes, but the blood does not change at all. He chuckles.
Kastor: Licking his fingers. Your blood… It’s different. It’s… Complicated. Normally, you’d be under my influence now. My thrall. Following my every command… my every thought. But apparently, you are immune to my gifts. Your blood is too… contaminated. Impure.
While speaking this monologue, Kastor pulls the knife out of Jace’s hand, eliciting a grunt, and then cleans it with the handkerchief, and puts it back in his jacket.
Kastor: It’s too bad, I had such high hopes for your talents. Oh well. I guess I’ll just have to settle for your friend he tastes quite good. 
Jace glares at Kastor.
Jace: …What…have you done…to Ryan?
Kastor: You’ll find out, soon enough. But for now, sleep.
Kastor raises his hand to Jace’s forehead. Jace collapses, unconscious.
The panel starts out black. Then, Nathan appears, looking down, out of the panel. 
Nathan: He’s awake.
Nathan’s Mom: Really?
Matt blinks, and sits up. He looks around. 
Nathan: Are you feeling ok?
Matt: Yeah, I’m… fine. Thanks.
Nathan’s Mom walks into the room, carrying a tray with breakfast food on it. 
Nathan’s Mom: So… What’s your story? 
Matt: I… I don’t know where to start…
Nathan: You were at the Washington attack, weren’t you?
Matt: I was the reason for the Washington attack.
Nathan and his mom look at each other, worried.
Nathan: Huh?
Matt: The guy responsible… wants me, for something.
Nathan’s Mother: Sarcastic. Well, I’m glad you came here to us then.
Matt: He thinks… I can see the future. 
Nathan: Can you?
Matt: How do you think I knew your name? 
Nathan’s Mom: I don’t believe you. You may have teleported into our house randomly, but there’s no way you can-
Matt: A bird is about to fly in the window, and there’s going to be a knock at the door.
A bird flies into the window, and poops on top of Nathan’s Mom’s head. There is a knock heard in the other room. 
Nathan’s Mom: You could have told me about the poop. 
Matt: You wouldn’t have believed me anyways.
Nathan: Smiling. This is going to be fun.
Matt: …No, it’s really not.
The scene opens on a dream. Matthew sees himself and Nathan running towards a darkened building, before it explodes, throwing them backward. Masika appears right outside the building, helping an injured Ryan get away from the site. They make it to Matthew and Nathan, and Matthew looks at them. 
Matt: Jace-
Masika and Ryan look at him. They shake their heads, and look down.
Ryan: No. 
A tear rolls down his cheek. 
The Outliers, Vol. 1, Book 7:
The scene opens on Daphne and Sami in a private plane, which is extremely well furnished. A man in a tuxedo comes by and hands drinks to the two women. 
Sami: Thank you, Jonathan.
Daphne: Taking a sip, but spits it out. Oh yeah! Thanks, Jeeves!
Sami looks disapprovingly at her.
Daphne: Come on, you knew I was going to do that. You can read my mind, can’t you?
Sami: Yes, but you can be a little unpredictable. It’s like me guessing who the next character to die on “Game of Thrones” will be. Yeah, I have some idea, but then they pull a red wedding. 
Daphne frowns, and looks around. 
Daphne: How can you afford all this?
Sami: I ask nicely. Daphne looks at her, questioning. Sami smirks. My parents.
Daphne: Winks with finger guns. Gotcha.
Sami rolls her eyes, and looks out the window.
Sami: We should be in Chicago soon. We will save them.
The next scene opens on Jace. A light turns on, and he awakens on the ground, in a large, abandoned room. The walls are barren, and made of concrete. There is a door on either side of the room, and a glass observation room on the side. Across the room, Ryan is in a similar state. Inside the observation room, Masika is strapped to a chair, with two men standing beside her. One is Onslaught, and the other is a man with gold and purple eyes: Kastor. However, he does not look the same; instead of being bald with dark skin, he now has white skin with short blond hair. His voice sounds over a speaker.
Kastor: Good, you’re awake. Time for the fun to begin. 
Jace: What do you want, Kastor?
Kastor: I simply want to test your powers, that’s all.
Jace: And what makes you think I’ll show you all I can do? 
Kastor: Because I’m the one with leverage.
Kastor pulls out a knife, and places it on Masika’s throat. Masika struggles, with wide eyes, looking at Jace.
Kastor: Plus, you might want to save your own life.
Across the room, Ryan looks up. His eyes are red. He screams, and begins running at Jace, transforming into a bear person.
Ryan: Aaarrrgghhh!
Jace stands his ground, not moving, as Ryan runs towards him. Ryan hits him with a backhand on the side, throwing him against the far wall. 
The scene opens on Nathan and Matt, in a boxing ring. Matthew and Nathan are both wearing boxing gloves and gear. There are a number of punching bags hanging from the ceiling. Nathan is standing at one of the punching bags, and Matthew is beside him. 
Matt: Let’s go. Hit it. 
Nathan punches the bag, and it swings a little.
Matt: Come on, really punch it.
Nathan: You mean use my powers?
Matt: Why do you think we’re here?
Nathan punches the bag again, and the same thing happens. He hesitates, sweating, and then does it again. Nothing happens.
Matt: You have absolutely no idea how to use your powers do you?
Nathan: What, you didn’t already know that? 
Matt: I don’t foresee everything.
Silence. The two boys stare at each other. 
Nathan: I think it might be triggered by adrenaline…
Matt: Well, there’s only one way to check that.
Matt turns around and punches Nathan in the face. His hand phases through, and Nathan jumps back.
Nathan: What the hell?!
Matt: Hey, it worked, didn’t it?
Nathan: Glaring at him. #!%@ You.
The scene opens on Jace being thrown against the wall by bear-form Ryan. He crashes against the wall, falling to the floor. He slowly rises, as Ryan begins to walk towards him again. 
Jace: I won’t fight him! Dodges an attack from Ryan.
Kastor: Oh, but you will, or the girl dies. Holding the knife to Masika’s throat.
Jace: We both know you won’t kill her. Dodges another blow from Ryan. She is your daughter, after all.
Kastor: Surprised. So, you know more than you let on… Nonetheless, you will fight him. 
Jace: And what makes you think that? Running to the other side of the room, avoiding Ryan.
Kastor: Because it’s the only to stop your friend from harming himself.
Ryan stops in his tracks. His claws are shining, and he holds his hand to his arm.
Jace: No… Ryan! Ryan drags his claws across his arm, drawing blood.
Jace runs towards him, pulling water from the sprinkler system on the roof. Ryan roars, and then charges at Jace. Jace leaps over his head, and bends the water underneath him and then upwards, before freezing it, trapping Ryan’s body in ice. 
Jace: How’s that? Now let us go!
Kastor: Not quite. Your turn isn’t over. 
Jace looks at Ryan, who is beginning to transform. The ice breaks, and as the dust/snow/ice shards settle, Ryan appears, in spider-form. He has four legs protruding from his back, two on either side. His face has warped into a resemblance of a spider, and his body is covered in thin brown fur. He begins running toward Jace. 
Jace: Shit. This one always freaked me out.
Jace prepares for the attack, and a battle ensues. Jace is obviously holding back, trying not to hurt Ryan, but is still defending himself. Ryan climbs on the ceiling and walls, while Jace fires blasts of water at his appendages, attempting to freeze him to the wall. He hits after a couple of misses. Ryan shoots a web at Jace, wrapping around his ankle. He pulls, and Jace is thrown across the room. As he passes the observation window, he looks into the eyes of Kastor. He twists in midair, and a blade of water slashes the tether. It cuts through the webbing, but does not stop. It hits the observation window, cracking the glass. Kastor looks surprised, and disapproving. Jace, on his feet after landing, begins to bend a constant stream of water at Ryan, similar to a fire hose. Suddenly, a stream separates from the main blast, headed straight for the window. It hits and breaks through, causing Kastor to dive out of the way. Onslaught is surprised. The stream also cuts one of the ropes binding Masika to the chair. She notices, quickly taking off her gag. She flips over the side of the chair her other hand is bound to, landing on her feet. She picks up the chair and smashes it against Onslaught, breaking the chair.
Masika: !mih ezylaraP!
She points at Onslaught, and green light shoots at him, paralyzing him and covering him in an outline of green. She turns on Kastor, posed for a fight. He is standing against the wall after diving out of the way of Jace’s water blast.
Masika: Glaring at him. Don’t. Make. A. Move.  
The scene opens on Nathan and Matt in the boxing ring, circling each other. Matthew throws a few punches, and Nathan phases through each one. Matt unexpectedly kicks, and Nathan is thrust back, but quickly recovers. He throws a punch of his own, which Matt dodges, but is then hit from an uppercut from Nathan’s other hand. 
Matt: Wiping his nose, and turning his back. Nice! But…
Nathan lowers his hands. Taking the opportunity, Matt punches him in the stomach.
Matt: Never let down your guard!
Sensing the punch, Nathan solidifies, greatly increasing his density. Matt’s punch hits, but it is like hitting a rock. Matt reels in pain, holding his hand.
Nathan: Smiling. I didn’t.
Matt: Looking at his hand. I think we’ve done enough for the day. What time is it?
Nathan walks over to his stuff and pulls out a phone. 
Nathan: Uh… 5:30?
Matt: Shit! We’re supposed to be in Chicago in twenty-three minutes. 
Nathan: Wait, what? Chicago?
Matt: I saw it in a dream. We were in Chicago, running somewhere. There was a News stand in the background, and the date was today. And there was a clock that said 7:13.
Nathan: 7:13? But that’s in an hour and—
Matt: Time change. I wonder how we’re supposed to get there…
Nathan: What even? I can’t go to Chicago! My mom—
Matt: I left a note for her. 
Nathan: I can’t just pack up and leave!
Matt: Well then, it’s a good thing we won’t be packing. 
Nathan: But—
Matt: No “but”s, you’re coming along. Now, how are we supposed to get there?
Nathan: I can’t even—
Matt’s phone rings. He looks at it, and answers.
Matt: Hello?
He holds the phone for a panel, listening.
Matt: Alright. He closes the phone, smiling. I know how we’re getting to Chicago.
Nathan: I hate you. 
 
The Outliers, Vol. 1, Book 8:
The scene opens on Nathan and Matt talking in the boxing ring. 
Nathan: So how are we getting to Chicago?
Matt: One of my Dad’s friends is going to help us. 
Nathan: One of your Dad’s friends can get us to Chicago in 23 minutes?
Matt: Chuckles. Oh yeah, definitely. 
Nathan: How?
Matt looks up and points to a mirror in the corner. Out of it comes the figure of a man, in a glass form. He looks crystalline, resembling a shard of something. He steps out of the mirror. 
Shard: Are you ready?
Matt: Yep. Let’s go. 
Matt grabs his jacket, holding it in his arms and standing near Shard. He gestures towards Nathan.
Matt: Ready?
Nathan: You’ve got to be kidding me. 
Nathan walks over to the group. They all turn to the mirror, with Shard in the middle. He places his hands on their backs, and the trio jumps into the mirror. 
The scene opens on Masika, facing off against Kastor. She begins to throw a number of fire darts at him, and he deflects each one with a wave of his hand. With the deflection of the last one, he freezes Masika in place, and forces her to bow. As she does, however, Jace jumps over her with a side kick in the air, sending a slash of water at Kastor, breaking his concentration. Masika stands, and both her and Jace begin to attack Kastor, in a barrage of ice and fire. Angrily, Kastor screams, raises, and then drops his hands, releasing a blast of energy radially around him, stunning Masika and Jace. Cracks begin to appear in the walls around him, and alarms start to go off. 
Kastor: Angrily, as Masika and Jace rise. Good luck.
Kastor falls backwards, disappearing into the ground. Masika and Jace look around.
Masika: This place is falling apart!
Jace: Looks at Masika, worried. Ryan!
Masika and Jace run into the larger room. Ryan is laying on the ground, in human form. He is beginning to move, and one arm is extremely injured. He is covered in bruises, and has a black eye. Jace and Masika arrive, and help Ryan rise. 
Ryan: Jace… I…
Jace: It’s ok, we’ll talk later. Let’s get you out of here. 
Another explosion sounds, and rubble and dust fall from the ceiling. A fire can be seen starting in the corner of the room. Abruptly, a sphere appears near the group, and space bends. Daphne steps out, running towards the trio.
Daphne: Ryan!
Ryan: It’s okay, I’m fine. 
Masika: We need to go.
Daphne: You can’t! Or at least one of you can’t. There’s someone else here.
Jace: What do you mean?
Daphne: You weren’t the only prisoners he took. There’s someone else. 
Jace: Who?
Daphne: Sami didn’t say, she just detected that there was another person. 
Jace: Who—Never mind. Masika, take Ryan, and get out of here. I’ll help Daphne find the other prisoner.
Masika walks away with Ryan, supporting him on her shoulder with his arm in a makeshift sling.
Jace: So how do we find this person?
Daphne: No idea.
She walks off jovially toward a door at the end of the room. Jace follows. They open the door, and a long hallway stands before them, with a number of doors on either side. Another rumble is heard, and dust falls from the ceiling. They look around. 
Jace: We need to hurry. 
They walk down the hall, opening every door they come across. Near the middle of the hall, Daphne encounters a locked door. Another rumble is heard, and the lights flicker.
Daphne: Jace, it’s locked.
Jace walks over to Daphne. He looks at the door.
Jace: Not anymore.
Jace bends water at the door, covering the door. He freezes it, and then pulls forward with his hands, throwing the door outward from the room. Daphne and Jace look inside the room, surprised. 
Jace: What the—
Daphne: Hell?
Inside the room is a large green field. The “ceiling” is bright blue, with clouds, and a rainbow shines. In the middle of the room, however, is a young woman, sitting in a chair, with an IV attached to her arm. She looks beaten, and her breathing is shallow and heavy.
Jace: What is this?
Daphne: It looks like… she’s drugged? What happens if—
Jace: We remove it?
Daphne: Wanna find out?
Daphne walks over, and slowly removes the IV from the woman’s arm. The illusion of the room begins to fade, and the woman’s breathing quickens.
Jace: Who is she?
As he says this, a name, written in midair, appears all around them in a number of fonts: Rory. Jace and Daphne look around, amazed. Another blast is heard, and parts of the ceiling come crashing down into the room. The writing falls apart and disappears. 
Jace: We need to get out of here! 
Daphne: Come on, this way! 
Jace grabs Rory, and follows after Daphne. They return to the larger room, where they entered the hallway. The room is ablaze, and fire covers the walls and floor. Rubble falls from the ceiling, and the building is obviously unstable. 
Matthew and Nathan are running towards a darkened building. It suddenly explodes, throwing them backward. Masika appears right outside the building, helping an injured Ryan get away from the site. They make it to Matthew and Nathan, and Matthew looks at them. 
Matt: Jace—
Masika and Ryan look at him. They shake their heads, and look down.
Ryan: No. 
A tear rolls down his cheek. They look at the blaze.
The scene returns to Jace, Daphne, and Rory, standing in the entrance to the blazing room. 
Jace: Daphne, take her!
Jace hands Rory over to Daphne. He begins to form a shield of water around them, protecting them from the smoke and fire. They start to walk across the room, with Jace collecting as much water as possible from the surroundings. Suddenly, a large beam drops in front of them from the ceiling, causing Jace to break his concentration, dropping the shield. Smoke floods their lungs. The building creaks, and begins to fall down faster and faster. The ceiling collapses and the walls concave, with the trio still inside. 
Matthew, Nathan, Masika, and Ryan watch from outside, in horror. The building collapses, and Ryan screams, and begins to cry.
Ryan: Jace!!! Daphne!!!
He falls to the ground. Masika and Matt have tears running down their cheeks. As they continue to look on, however, a blast of water rises vertically from the building, carrying Jace, Daphne, and Rory. 
Nathan: Look!
Matt’s group looks on, amazed. However, the trio of Jace, Daphne, and Rory begin to slow, ceasing to rise further as the water carrying them runs out. They begin to fall, grasping onto each other.
Matt: They—They’re falling… Masika, do something!
Masika: I… I can’t…
Nathan: I can.
Nathan runs forward, towards the building. He leaps into the air, jumping hundreds of feet in the air. He jumps straight towards the falling trio, catching them in midair. He increases the density of the group as they crash on the other side of the building, exhausted and bruised, where Sami is already standing. Matt, Masika, and Ryan come running up as the group begins to rise from their fall.
Matt: I—didn’t even teach him to do that. 
Ryan runs up to Jace, and hugs him.
Ryan: I thought I’d lost you…
Jace: Never.
Daphne: Sure, run up to your boyfriend and not your sister.
The moment she says this, she is pulled into the hug, and they stand there, hugging each other, with the rest of the group looking on. The hug ends, and the group turns towards the other prisoner, who has awoken, and is sitting on the ground, hands around her knees.
Jace: Guys, meet Rory.
The group looks on at her, and there is a twinkle in her eye.
The Outliers, Vol. 2, Book 1:
The scene opens on a flashback with five people arguing. There is a dark-skinned man in a grey and blue costume, with chains wrapped around his forearms. He is standing next to a black-haired woman clothed in black and pink. To their side is a blonde woman in a white and yellow costume, wearing a white blindfold. To her side is Shard, in glass form. Across from the four of them stands Kastor, who has brown hair and a scruffy beard. They appear to be confronting him. 
Parody: How could you hide this from us?
Alloy: We’re a team. We tell each other stuff. That’s how this works.
Kastor: You guys had no reason to know! This is my life, not yours!
Parody: You hid an entire aspect of your life from us! Skin walking? Mind control? 
Alloy: It’s like you’re afraid of how we would react.
Kastor: Well look at how you’re reacting! I simply suggested—
Parody: Angry. You simply “suggested”? No, you didn’t suggest. You went for it. You snuck into Quemensk disguised as a government official and ordered them to fire all of their nuclear weapons into space!
Kastor: You guys weren’t doing anything about it! The world order is going to shit, and I had to do something. The humans need us to take care of them!
Echo: What do you mean “the humans”? 
Kastor: I just meant that—
Parody: Turning her back. We know exactly what you meant.
Alloy: The humans are our allies. Most of us are human.
Kastor: You call yourself human? You can control metal. Parody can make duplicates of herself. And just look at Shard! None of us are human. 
Shard: Don’t pull me into this.
Echo: We may not be human, but we’re part of the human race. And the only way to improve this world is to work together. 
Kastor: No. it’s not the only way. 
Kastor walks off, not looking back. The rest of the group looks upset. 
Parody: What are we going to do now?
Shard: We wait.
The next scene opens on a large hotel suite in Chicago. The Outliers are rooming there, after the rescue of Ryan, Jace, Masika, and Rory. Jace, Masika, and Matt are sitting at a table talking, while Nathan is on the phone with his mother. Sami is sitting in the background, reading. Ryan is resting, along with Rory, both of whom are being cared for by Daphne. 
Jace: He looked… different, but it was definitely him. 
Matt: What do you mean?
Jace: You saw the news video of him in Washington, right? Dark-skinned, bald? When I saw him yesterday, he was pale with blonde hair. But his eyes were the same.
Matt: Masika, what do you make of this?
Masika: I do not know. But I know of a place where we could find more out. 
Jace: Where?
Masika: A small village, near the arctic circle. It’s an Arcanus settlement, and the scribes there should be able to help us. 
Matt: And you can get us there?
Masika: Yes, but not until next week. The village can only be entered on nights of a new moon, otherwise the wards block entry. 
Jace: Lovely. That gives us some time to figure out what to do with our new friends. 
The three of them look up as Daphne walks in. 
Jace: Has she said anything?
Daphne: No. Actually, I don’t know if she can…
Matt: You mean she’s mute?
Daphne: I think so. Every time I talk to her, she understands what I’m saying, but she only responds with bursts of colorful light. Which, by the way, are probably the prettiest things I’ve ever seen. 
Jace: How are we supposed to find out what she knows then? And why was she drugged, instead of just mind controlled like Ryan?
Sami puts her book down, stands, and walks towards Rory’s room.
Sami: I’m on it. My talents don’t require speech.
Sami walks into the room, and Rory is sitting on the bed, with her hands over her knees. Sami quietly closes the door behind her. Her voice sounds in Rory’s head.
Sami: It’s okay, I’m a friend. I’m here to figure what happened. 
Rory relaxes a little, and then looks at Sami. 
Rory: Telepathically. I don’t remember. I don’t remember anything…
Sami: Telepathically. That’s why I’m here to help you. You need to relax.
The moment Sami said relax, a wave of relief rushed over Rory. Rory takes a deep breath, calmed. 
Sami: Telepathically. Now what do you remember?
The room fills with light, reflecting off the walls and ceiling. The light projects Rory’s thoughts and memories. A number of faces are displayed, including the faces of Echo and Shard. Sami looks around the room, in awe.
Sami: Out loud. This is your life… Or at least, what you remember of it… In Rory’s head. Can you show me more?
Rory: Telepathically. The man you call Kastor… He’s all I can remember. A few faces here and there, but… 
The light fades, and Rory starts to cry. Sami walks over, and hugs her, rubbing her back.
Sami: Out loud. Then we can make new memories. 
The scene cuts to Shard, in glass form, who is sitting on a bed in a messy room, looking into a picture frame. The picture is of a small baby in the arms of her mother, Echo, who looks similar to Rory, but with longer, blond hair.
Shard: To himself. How could I have lost you? 
There is a knock, and Shard looks up, at the mirror on the wall. Inside stands Kastor, who appears as he did in the flashback. He is knocking on the glass.
Shard: Go away.
The figure of Kastor grins, and looks at Shard.
Shard: I said GO AWAY!!! 
Shard stands and throws the picture at the mirror, shattering it, and the image of Kastor disappears.
Shard: Crying. You caused all of this. 
Shard walks over and picks up the picture, and then sits against the wall crying, with the picture in his hand.
The scene returns to the hotel, where the Outliers are staying. Masika, Matt, Sami, and Nathan are in the central room. 
Matt: And your Mom said she’s okay with you staying?
Nathan: She’s not happy about it, but yes. She understands this is something I need to do. 
Masika: And what about his schooling? Is he just to drop out?
Nathan: I mean, if what we’re doing is more important…
Masika: No. You will continue your schooling, with me. What classes are you in?
Nathan: Look, I don’t need—
Masika: Yes, you do. What classes are you in?
Nathan hesitates, refraining from saying anything. 
Sami: He’s in Algebra II, Honors English for 10th graders, Spanish IV, Chemistry, AP World History, and elective art classes. He knows Spanish fluently. Or at least, fluently enough to be thinking in it right now.
Nathan glares at her.
Sami: And he’s a pretty good artist. 
Masika: I will teach you these things. Come, you have much to learn.
Masika stands, and walks into another room, gesturing for Nathan to follow her. Nathan reluctantly follows. 
Nathan: At Sami, sarcastically. Thanks.
Sami: No problem. 
Nathan enters the room Masika is in. Masika then goes to the opening of the door frame, looking out at Sami.
Masika: To Sami. And how old are you?
Sami: Young enough to be in high school, but old enough that I already have the best education money can buy. Have fun with the teaching!
Sami waves her hand, and the door closes in Masika’s face. 
Matt: That’s a dangerous thing to do to that girl. 
Sami: Smiling. I know. But I can hold my own. 
 
The Outliers, Vol. 2, Book 2:
The scene opens on Nathan, staring down at some chemistry homework. He is sitting at a table with Sami, and appears to be thinking hard. 
Nathan: This makes no sense. How can water be both an acid and a base? Aren’t those opposites?
Sami: Smirking. You’re thinking about it all wrong, literally. 
Nathan: Can you help me? 
Sami: I’m not really in the mood. But you know who can help? 
Nathan: Who? 
Sami: Ryan. He has a PhD in molecular and cellular biochemistry. He’s also sitting in his room bored out of his mind with Jace, Masika and Matt gone. 
Nathan: I’ve literally never spoken to him. 
Sami: Well, now’s your chance. Have fun!
The scene opens on a snow-covered island, up north. The snow is blowing, and Masika, Jace, and Matt are hiking through the storm, covered in jackets and wearing goggles. As they get closer to their destination, the storm strengthens. 
Matt: It just keeps getting stronger!
Masika: It’s the protections the village has set up. They keep it hidden from the non-magic world!
Matt: Is there anything you can do to try and clear this up Jace?
Jace: I can try! 
Jace holds his hands in front of him, and begins swirling his hands in the opposite direction of the wind. The swirling storm slows, and the snowflakes freeze in the air. 
Matt: Nice going. 
Jace: It wasn’t me.
The trio looks around, and the Aurora Borealis dances in the sky, flowing around them. They look ahead, and a stone arch can be seen. Inside the arch lies a long bridge of ice, leading to a beautiful village made of stone, with towering spires and arches. Fire can be seen through the windows, and there are orbs of colored fire floating through town.
Masika: It’s because we’ve arrived. 
The trio walks up to the archway, and look around. Looking through the arch, the village can be seen, but while looking on the side, there is nothing but a frozen wasteland. 
Jace: How is this possible?
Masika: Let’s just say the Arcanus are good at hiding. If we weren’t here during the new moon, we wouldn’t have found this place. 
They step through the archway, crossing the bridge. Halfway across, they reach a spherical barrier, covering and protecting the town. Masika steps forward, and lightly rests her hand on the ward. A light shines, and the barrier breaks, opening to let the trio enter. As they reach the end of the bridge, they are met by a group of figures in light, colorful clothing. The clothing does not appear suited for the arctic. 
Arcanus #1: What business do you have here?
Jace: We need some information.
Arcanus #1: We do not let outsiders in. Turn back.
Masika: Steps forward, and uncovers her face. What about those who are not outsiders?
The Arcanus recoil in shock, and one of the Arcanus in the back step forward.
Arcanus #2: Ma… Masi?
Masika: Lyra?
Lyra: It’s been a while. 
Masika: Solemnly. Yeah, it has.
Arcanus #1: It does not matter. We cannot help you. You left with Kastor, and now you are an enemy to the council. 
Masika: That’s why we are here. We need help—
Masika is thrown back, as Arcanus #1 launches a blast of blue-red energy at her. 
Arcanus #1: Posed for a fight. We cannot help you, outsider.
The scene opens on Nathan, entering Ryan’s room. Ryan is sitting on a chair in the corner, on a tablet.
Nathan: Hey, uh, Ryan?
Ryan glances up at Nathan.
Ryan: Yeah?
Nathan: I was wondering if you might be able to help me with my chemistry homework?
Ryan: Surprised. You have chemistry homework? 
Nathan: Masika gave it to me. 
Ryan: Laughing. Why am I not surprised? What’s the problem?
The scene opens on Daphne, sitting on a bed in a room with Rory. She has a lamp on, reading, while listening to music. Rory rolls over in her sleep, and Daphne looks at her. She turns back to her book. The lamp flickers, and turns off. Daphne looks up, and then at Rory. Suddenly, visions appear on the walls, but they are not happy. These visions show Kastor, in a number of different skins, but all with the exact same eyes. In one, he appears to be laughing, and in another, he is brandishing a knife. And in the largest one, he is holding up his fingers, dripping blood, eyes red. Daphne stares at the ceiling, a mixture of terrified and amazed. She looks again at Rory.
Daphne: Rory…
Daphne gets off the bed, and sits next to the sleeping Rory, rubbing her back. 
Daphne: It’s okay, you’re safe. I’m here for you.
Rory relaxes, and the visions slowly dim, the faces replaced by new ones: The group looking at Rory, the night she was rescued. Jace carrying her through the burning building. The last one is larger: Daphne’s smiling face. Daphne looks on at the ceiling, chuckling. 
Daphne: You’re adorable. 
Daphne adjusts her position, sitting/lying next to Rory. She opens her book, but realizes that the lamp had been turned off, upset. She reaches for it, but before her hand gets there, the light turns back on. She looks back at Rory, amused. 
Daphne: Thank you.
The scene returns to Jace, Masika, and Matt, at the entrance to the Arcanus village. Masika is shot with a blast of blue-red light, and is thrown backwards.
Jace: To Matt. Ready for a fight?
Matt: Let’s do it. 
Jace and Matt dash forward: Jace riding on a wave of ice and snow. Jace heads straight for Arcanus #1, hitting them with the wave of ice, knocking them back. He jumps off, just as Arcanus #3 (on the left) turns on him, throwing glowing bolts of energy. For each one, Jace bends a column of water in front of him, blocking it. Matt runs towards his target, Arcanus #2/Lyra (on the right). She summons a number of swords, each of which go flying at Matt. He dodges them while running at her, and grabs one of them out of the air as it flies past him. He throws it at her, hitting her off guard, before he quickly goes in and hits her. Jace gestures toward the ground at Arcanus #3’s feet, and he sinks into it, before it freezes again. Arcanus #1 recovers, and prepares to hit Jace before Masika jumps in front, staff in hand. 
Masika: My turn. 
Masika twists her staff, and swings it, sending a blast of force at Arcanus #1. It hits him dead on, and he is sent flying sideways into the side of a building. 
Ataka: Enough!
The fighting stops, and the Arcanus recover, backing away from the fight. A dark-skinned, grey-haired man comes walking forward. He wears half-moon glasses and robes. 
Masika: Ataka—
Ataka: We will talk later. Right now, there is someone else you must see. 
The scene opens on Daphne, sitting at a table. She has taken off her belt, which allows her to teleport. She appears to be tinkering with it. 
Daphne: Now, if I could only—
Suddenly, an item across the table teleports. Daphne looks, surprised. 
Daphne: Well, that’s new. 
She moves the tool again, and she teleports away with the belt. She reappears in an extremely crowded Indian street. 
Daphne: Damn.
She places the belt on her waist, and teleports away. She reappears, air rushing around her. She is falling, thousands of feet above her destination.
Daphne: Oh, mother of—
Daphne teleports away, landing back in the hotel. She takes off the belt and throws it across the room, almost hitting Ryan, who is just leaving his room.
Ryan: What was that for?!
Daphne: Hey, she started it, not me!
Ryan: She?
Daphne: Dolores. That’s what I named her.
Daphne gestures towards the belt. But suddenly, space bends, and the belt disappears. 
Daphne: Eyeing the place where the belt was. Damnit Dolores…
Ryan: That’s… unfortunate. Is there any way to get it back?
Daphne: There might be… I think it defaults to the place of its creation when broken.
Ryan: And where is that?
Daphne: Boston. That’s where she’s… from.
Ryan: ¬Sighs. Let’s go find it then. I’m bored here anyway. 
Daphne: Jumping in the air. Ooh, yay! Sibling treasure hunt!
Ryan rolls his eyes. 
The Outliers, Vol. 2, book 3:
The scene starts with Daphne and Ryan packing in the hotel. They are talking with the others there: Nathan, Sami, and Rory. 
Ryan: Don’t worry, we’re only going to be gone a couple days. Will you guys be alright?
Nathan: Yeah, we’ll be fine. 
Sami: Before they left, Masika set up some wards to protect the rooms. 
Ryan: If you need us, we’re only a phone call away. 
Daphne looks at the door to Rory’s room. She is standing in the doorway. Daphne walks over to her.
Daphne: I’ll be back soon, okay?
Rory smiles, and nods. Ryan and Daphne walk towards the door of the suite. Daphne passes by Sami.
Daphne: Take care of her, okay?
Sami: Will do.
Ryan looks at Nathan. 
Ryan: And Nathan, while I’m gone, I expect you to be working on those reactions we discussed. 
Nathan: You AND Masika? This is just unfair. Nobody else has homework!
The scene opens on Matt and Jace, who are walking with Ataka.
Matt: Thank you, for stopping the fight.
Ataka: It was not a problem. 
Jace: We were wondering if you might—
Ataka: I know why you are here, Jace of the Ceth, but I cannot help you with this, not now. 
The three have arrived at their destination: it is a door, which Ataka has opened, gesturing the boys inside. 
Ataka: You may stay here, for the night. We will discuss things tomorrow. 
Jace: Thank you.
Ataka closes the door, leaving Jace and Matt in the room. There is a fire blazing in a fireplace along the wall. Otherwise, the room is dimly lit. 
Matt: I think that went well. 
Jace: Great introduction.
The scene shows Masika, walking up to a door within the city. She stops, and holds up her hand, about to knock. She hesitates, sighing. She knocks, and waits. The door opens. She steps into the room. It is lit by a fire on the far wall. Along the sides of the room, artwork hangs, depicting a number of people, some of which resemble Masika. Across the room sits a woman, staring into the fire, away from the doorway. She is older, with dark skin and frizzy hair. She is wearing light clothing. Masika steps forward closing the door behind her. She stands still, looking at the woman. 
Masika: I—I’m sorry. 
Tears begin to well in Masika’s eyes. 
Masika: Mom, I never should’ve left. 
Masika begins to cry, tears streaming down her face.
Masika: You’ve done so much for me, and then I just left, with him of all people—
Masika is sobbing, unable to contain herself. The woman across the room stands, and turns towards Masika. Suddenly, they are hugging. 
Masika’s Mom: Oh, my darling… Look how you’ve grown.
Masika: Sobbing. I’m so sorry, Mom.
Masika’s Mom steps back, wiping a tear off her daughter’s face.
Masika’s Mom: You have no need to be sorry, my dear. You’re alright, and that’s all that matters.
The two of them re-embrace in a hug. 
The scene opens on Ryan and Daphne, on a college campus, in the evening. 
Ryan: So where on campus do we go to find the creator of… Dolores?
Daphne: Well, I came across it in one of the labs when I was... on a tour. 
Ryan: Raising an eyebrow. A tour?
Daphne: At night. When it was dark. 
Ryan: You stole it? 
Daphne: Possibly. 
Ryan: His hands on his temples. Daphne! I cannot believe you! 
Daphne: I’m sorry! I couldn’t help it! The door was unlocked…
Ryan: Now we’re definitely going to find the lab, but just so you can apologize. 
Daphne: Arms crossed, unhappy. Fine. I think it was in that general direction. Pointing.
They open a lab, and walk in. It is dark.
Daphne: It’s definitely this one. 
The lights turn on, and Ryan and Daphne turn around and look at the door. There is a young man with dirty blond hair and glasses standing there, hand on the light switch. He is wearing a lab coat. 
Man: What are you guys doing in my lab?
Daphne: We were just—
Ryan: Wait… Jack?
Jack: Looks over at Ryan, surprised. Ryan?
Ryan walks over, and hugs Jack warmly. Daphne looks on, with a questioning look.
Daphne: So, does someone want to clue me in on what’s going on? Are you two like, exes or something? 
Ryan: No, Jack’s an old friend from college! 
Jack: We spent a lot of nights together though, designing our senior thesis.
Ryan: Ah, the start of the Darwin project. How time flies.
Daphne: Wow, you two are dorks. 
Ryan: Oh, Jack, this is—
Jack: Your sister, I presume? Also, the girl who stole my tech!
Daphne: How did—
Jack: Security cameras. And then, I saw you with it on the news last week. I’m glad that you’ve been using it, and not selling it to the highest bidder.
Daphne: Yeah… Sorry about that.
Jack: No worries. I made a better version. 
Daphne: With a curious tone. Really?
Ryan: No! Daphne…
Jack: Actually, yes. When I saw you on the news the other day, I got to thinking, and I developed a new, less clunky prototype. The old one made me look bad. Want to try it out?
Ryan: What?! She steals your stuff, and then you replace it? 
Daphne: I like this plan!
Jack: Plus, the old one’s been returned, thanks to you. It showed up the other day. 
Daphne: Smiling. You’re welcome. 
Ryan: His hand on his head. This makes no sense. 
The scene opens on the hotel suite, and all the lights are off. It is raining and lightning flashes, thunder crackling. It shifts to Sami’s bedroom, where she lays, sleeping, peacefully. Suddenly, she is awake, eyes wide open, sweating, obviously terrified, as if from a nightmare. There is a tapping on her window, and she looks over.
Sami: No— 
There is a knock on the door to the suite. Nathan walks out of his room, which is closest to the door, yawning.
Nathan: Who’s there? It’s one in the morning…
Nathan reaches for the handle, and Sami comes running into the entryway.
Sami: Don’t—
Nathan turns the door knob.
Sami: Open—
Nathan opens the door, and an old lady stands in the doorway. 
Old Lady: Room Service, darlings.
Sami: …The door!
Nathan: Relax, it’s just room service. Come on in. 
The old lady enters the room. 
Sami: It’s not room service. I—I can’t read her thoughts…
Old Lady: Thank you, my dear boy, for granting me permission to enter. 
As she says this, Sami looks over the old woman. She is wearing a traditional maid outfit, and her grey hair is in a tight bun. Her eyes however, are mysterious: One is gold, and one is purple. 
Sami: You seem familiar… Have we met before?
Old Lady: Once, and you were quite interesting.
On the last line, the old lady turns, hands held high. Nathan and Sami are telekinetically pushed against the wall, raised above the floor.
Old Lady: I’d love to know more.
 
The Outliers, Vol. 2, Book 4:
The scene opens on Ryan and Daphne, in Jack’s lab. 
Ryan: This makes no sense. You’re just going to give her the new version? 
Jack: Why shouldn’t I?
Ryan: Because she stole the first one! Probably cost the university a lot of money… You might’ve lost your job…
Jack: Ryan, I constructed a device that bends the fabric of space in order to effectively teleport. You think the university is going to fire me? I’m literally the most important physicist on the planet. 
Daphne: He has a point.
Ryan: Walking off, hands in the air. Whatever.
Daphne: So, what’s the new version of Dolores like? 
Jack: Dolores?
Daphne: That’s what I named the last device. 
Jack: Pulling the new version out of a safe in the wall. Well, this one’s name is N.E.R.O. Negative Einstein-Rosen bridge Operator. 
Daphne: Confused. What does that even mean?
Jack: Holding N.E.R.O. up, displaying it to Daphne. It means it bends space to create wormholes and then pulls you through them. Hands N.E.R.O. to Daphne.
Daphne: Really? Daphne places the device on her waist.
Jack: Fine. I just wanted to give it a cool name.
Daphne: That’s what I thought. Daphne looks down at her waist, admiring it. 
The scene opens on Sami and Nathan, telekinetically held against the wall, by the old lady with gold and purple eyes. 
Old Lady: Now, tell me a little more about yourself, dear girl. How is it that you’re able to resist my powers, unlike your friend here?
Sami struggles, and Nathan screams. 
Nathan: Aaagghh!
Sami: Let him go!
Old Lady: Waving her finger. No no no… Not until you answer the question. 
Nathan screams louder.
Sami: Ka—Kastor…
Old Lady: Changing form. He appears shadowy for a panel, and then appears, back in his normal form. Dark-skinned, with a shaved head. His eyes are still purple and gold. You catch on quickly. But still, you evade the question.
Kastor summons a knife out of thin air, telekinetically controlling it. He waves his arm and it is thrown at Nathan. 
Sami: No!!!
Nathan shifts his density, and the knife bounces off, leaving him unharmed. Kastor is surprised. 
Kastor: I didn’t know everyone here was an inhuman. Stroking Sami’s face. This is going to be much more fun than I could have hoped. 
Suddenly, Rory comes out of her room, and shoots a blast of light at Kastor. He is thrown off guard, losing his concentration. Sami and Nathan fall from the wall. Light appears around Rory, spelling out the word “Go!” Nathan gives her a questioning look, and the words “I’ll be fine!” appear. Kastor returns to his senses, realizing what’s going on. 
Kastor: You wouldn’t want to leave when the party’s just starting…
Kastor throws a ball of red energy at Nathan, who dodges toward Sami, landing on top of her. They phase through the floor, just as Kastor throws another ball of energy in their direction, landing where they would’ve been.
Kastor: And then there was one… Ready for a family reunion?
Kastor turns toward Rory, who is posed for a fight. 
Shard: I hope you are!
Shard jumps out of a mirror to the side of Kastor, tackling him. They both stand, facing each other, with Rory watching. 
Shard: Three out of five ain’t bad. Want to call the other two? 
Kastor: Not today.
Lightning flashes, and Kastor disappears. Shard drops his guard, and turns to Rory. She appears wary of him, yet still calm. Shard walks toward her, hand out, before stopping. 
Shard: You… Look just like your mother. 
Rory stands before him, surprised. 
The scene shifts to a dream sequence, with Matt. The artwork is blurred and muted. It opens underwater, in the bay of San Francisco. Alanna is shown, back turned toward the panel. She is looking down, and then turns, head held high. 
Alanna: We will not stand for this. We will not stand for the surface’s blatant ignorance of our rights! They have taken us, out of the sea, and held our people prisoner! They hold my son Jace hostage… And refuse to negotiate! We have tried diplomacy. Now let us try WAR! 
The panel turns, and behind Alanna lies the Cethan army: thousands upon thousands of warriors, assembled in groups. 
Cethans: Aarrrgghhh!!!
Alanna: TO WAR!
Alanna raises her spear, and the Ceth come swimming past her, shooting out of the water onto the ports of San Francisco. 
Matthew jerks awake. Jace is already up, getting dressed. Instead of his normal Cethan garb, he wears Arcanus clothing, which is lighter and composed of warm colors, contrasting the frozen wasteland. 
Jace: Good morning.
Matt: Concerned. We have a problem.
Matt tells Jace about his dream.
Jace: So, you’re saying my mother is going to invade San Francisco… To rescue me? Look, I know she’s a bit radical, but she would never—
Matt: Look, it’s just what I saw. And we just need to be aware that one day, it’s going to happen. I don’t know when, all I know is that she was under the impression that the U.S. government was holding you and your people hostage.
Jace: Why would they do that? The Ceth and the U.S. government have been allies for years. 
Matt: They have? 
Jace: Yeah! Well, not officially. Officially, the Ceth don’t exist. But that doesn’t stop us from interacting with the surface world.
Matt: Anyway, that’s not the point. The point is, it’s going to happen, and we need to be prepared. 
Jace: Isn’t that why we’re here? To be prepared?
Matt: To be prepared for Kastor. Not for an invasion by your mother.
Jace: Look, if my Mom’s invading, she has good reason. 
There is a knock on the door. Matt walks over to open it.
Matt: We can talk about this later. 
Matt opens the door, and Arcanus #1 enters.
Masika: Ataka is ready to speak with you. Follow me.  
The scene shifts to Rory and Shard, in the hotel.
Shard: You look just like her.
Shard moves towards Rory, who quickly backs away in response, nervous. 
Shard: Sorry, I—I didn’t mean to startle you. It’s just been so long since I’ve seen…
Rory moves toward Shard, hand out. Shard stands still, letting Rory move closer. Rory lays her hand on Shard’s arm, and light bursts through him, shining through every plane on his body. These images show Rory’s past. Rory stands there, surprised. 
Shard: I’ve known you since you were a baby. Your mother and I…we were very close. 
Rory looks at him, tears in her eyes. 
Shard: She was one of the bravest women I ever knew. She always stood up for what was right, even when it was hard. I’m sorry she could never see you like this.
Rory takes her hand off his arm, and the light fades. She turns away, arms crossed, crying. Shard, looks worried, and begins to move toward her, but stops. He takes a deep breath, and changes into his human form. The glass body recedes, and in its place stands a young, middle-aged man. He wears a sleeveless leather jacket covering a gray shirt with a logo on it. He has a red beanie, and wears dark blue jeans. He has scars on his wrists. He moves towards Rory, placing a hand on her shoulder. She turns, surprised. She looks at Shard, and holds his hands in front of them. She slowly traces the scars on his wrists, before looking up. 
Rory: I—
Rory quickly embraces Shard in a hug, catching him off guard.
Rory: I remember you.
 
The Outliers, Vol. 2, Book 5:
The scene opens on Matt and Jace, walking into a library with Arcanus #1. The look around, and the walls are filled with books. There are people reading them at tables, sitting quietly. Arcanus #1 leads them deeper into the building. They come to a halt. 
Arcanus #1: Wait here.
Arcanus #1 walks off, leaving Matt and Jace. There is a panel that reads 30 minutes later. Matt and Jace appear bored. Matt is sitting down at a table with his hands clasped. Jace is juggling a ball of water with his powers, and then stops. 
Jace: Alright, I’m bored. When are they gonna get here? And where’s Masika?
Matt: The better question is, where is everybody?
Jace and Matt look around, noticing how the library has emptied. 
Jace: Something’s wrong… 
Jace looks around, eyes glowing blue. 
Jace: Oh… Shit. 
Matt: What is it?
Jace: Worried. We’re surrounded. 
The scene cuts to Rory and Shard, facing each other, standing.
Rory: Struggling to speak. H-How d-do I… re-remember you? 
Shard: Your mother… She was my best friend. I was young and I was struggling to find my place in the world. Your mom found me and helped me out of some tough times. I owe her my life. 
Rory stares at him in silence.
Rory: You look exactly like her. She would’ve loved to see you. 
Sami and Nathan come bursting into the room, slamming the door behind them, prepared for a fight. 
Nathan: Where is he?! What happened?!
Shard: He’s gone, for now. Next time, don’t break the ward.
Nathan: Who’s this guy?
Sami runs up to Shard.
Sami: I’m so glad you got here in time!
Shard: Of course. I just wish you told me… about Rory. 
Sami and Shard move across the room, away from Rory and Nathan, talking quietly.
Sami: What about her?
Shard: That she was here. That my god-daughter was with you. I’ve been searching for her for years, and then you found her, and didn’t even tell me. 
Sami: I-I didn’t know—
Shard: Couldn’t you read her mind? See her memories? See me in them?
Sami: Shard, there… there was nothing there. In her mind, there are glimpses of faces, but nothing else. You weren’t in her memories, until now.
Shard: What are you saying?
Sami: That she doesn’t know you. She recognizes you, but other than your face, those memories aren’t there. They no longer exist. 
Shard glances at Rory. Rory looks nervous, anxious after the meeting with Kastor, yet starting to calm down.
The scene opens on Matt and Jace.
Matt: We’re surrounded? By what?
Jace: Arcanus. Get down!
Jace yells as a bookcase flies at them. 
Matt: What the hell?!
Running through the library. 
Jace: It’s the Arcanus!
Matt: They’re invisible?!
Jace: Yeah, just a little!
Jace pushes Matt out of the way of an energy blast. Both of them fall on the ground. They quickly roll over, and Jace throws a water blast, blocking a next attack. They roll out of the way of a final attack, before rising and running again. At the back of the library, there is a large statue of a winged warrior, holding a khopesh made of gold and surrounded in a glowing aura. Jace and Matt stop when they reach it, turning around, waiting for attacks from their pursuers. A number of blasts shoot toward them, and Matt dodges a few attacks, while Jace shoots the projectiles with water, protecting them. He throws an ice spear, hitting one of the invisible Arcanus, who appears out of his invisibility. The attacks continue, with Matt dodging and Jace using water blasts to block attacks. Matt and Jace back up, toward the statue. Matt is hit by one of the energy blasts in the shoulder.
Matt: Agh!
Jace summons a shield of water, blocking all incoming projectiles. Lights flash against the surface of the water. Jace holds the shield, concentrating. 
Jace: Struggling. Are you alright?
Matt: Yeah, I’ll be fine. He turns toward the statue. What is this?
Jace: I have no idea. 
Matt: It feels… familiar…
Matt moves toward the statue, with his hand out. He places his hand on the surface of the statue, and it beings to move. The statue steps down from his pedestal. Jace looks behind him, over his shoulder. 
Jace: What the hell are you doing?!
The statue walks toward the water shield, and passes through it. It raises its khopesh, and summons a number of golden arrows, which go flying through the air into the library, hitting and immobilizing the invisible Arcanus, who appear once hit. The fighting stops, and the statue turns around, toward Matt and Jace, who has dropped his water shield. The statue breaks its khopesh and stabs the halves into the ground, forming an arch. It kneels before Matt and Jace, wings wrapped around them, forming a wall. A golden dome appears around the top, creating a protective sphere. Within the wings, the statue places his hand on the top of the arch, palm down, and then a set of intricate golden doors appear within the arch. Matt walks up to them.
Jace: This is weird. Let’s get out of here.
Matt: I feel like… I should open them.
Jace: I don’t think that’s a good idea—
Matt opens the doors, and Jace and Matt disappear, leaving the sphere empty with the doors open.
The scene opens on Ryan and Daphne, walking out of Jack’s lab. It is daytime. 
Daphne: Thanks Jack! You’re a dear!
Jack: Anytime! Now go save the world or something!
Ryan: I cannot believe he gave you that for free. This is so wrong. 
Daphne: Oh, lighten up, will ya? I’m using it to save the world! Now, do you want to get back to Rory and the kids or what?
Ryan: Are you sure you know how to use the new one? 
Daphne: Yeah! He’s much easier to use than Dolores. And now more people can travel with me!
Ryan: Shaking his head. Let’s get this over with. 
Ryan and Daphne hold hands, and space bends. They reappear in the hotel. Sami, Nathan, Rory, and Shard, in human form, are all sitting at the table, playing cards. They stop and glance at Ryan and Daphne. Ryan and Daphne look around, noticing the mess.
Nathan: Welcome back!
Ryan: What happened here? It looks like a war-zone.
Nathan: We had a visit from an old friend!
The panel opens on Masika, walking through the streets with Ataka, when Lyra comes running up.
Lyra: They aren’t in their room!
Ataka: What? I hold told them to stay there until I sent for them.
Masika: Could you tell where they had gone?
Lyra: No, their trace had been masked. I could not see their path.
Masika: They do not have the ability to do that. Someone must have done it for them.
Ataka: Are you suggesting—
Masika: One of the Arcanus has hidden their location. 
Suddenly, A voice shouts at them from above, and Arcanus #1 is seen on a rooftop. 
Arcanus #1: It’s too late, Ataka. 
Ataka: Harut! What do you mean?
Harut: By the time you find them, they will be dead.
Masika: Where have you taken them?! Where are my friends?!
Harut: It will not matter. You will be too late.
Messenger: Runs up to the group. Ataka! Something has happened at the library! The doors. They have opened!
Ataka: To Harut. You took them to the Library?! Fool! Matt is a Prophet! You led him to the Doors of the Past!
Harut: The doors have opened. Kastor will reign.
Ataka: Kastor! This is his doing! Masika! Go to the Library. Close the doors!
Harut: Jumps down from the roof, landing in front of Masika. That’s not part of the plan. Two others appear beside Harut, blocking their path.
Ataka: Well, then you leave us no choice. Ataka thrusts out his hands, and a blast of golden force hits the opposing Arcanus. 
The Outliers, Vol. 2, Book 6:
The scene opens on the group in the hotel. 
Daphne: So, creepy loser guy came in here dressed as a hotel maid and attacked you?
Nathan: Yeah, pretty much.
Daphne: So was he like, dressed in—
Sami: No, he was not dressed in drag. According to Shard, who has… encountered him in the past, Kastor is a skin walker. 
Ryan: Skin walker? Like, from Native American mythology?
Shard: His kind… may have been the inspiration for the myths. He can change into the skin of others. Change his look, his size, his face, his gender. But the point is, there is one thing he can’t change. His eyes.
Daphne: Well duh, tell us something we don’t know. 
Everyone looks at Daphne, confused.
Daphne: Seriously? You guys didn’t see that coming? Why do you think we keep seeing weird people with gold and purple eyes? It’s not that common. 
Ryan: Rolling eyes. Anyway, what does he want with us? 
Shard: Kastor wants to rid the world of corruption.
Nathan: What? And he thinks we’re corrupt?
Shard: Not exactly. Kastor thinks the best way to remove corruption from the world is to collect a gang of inhumans and start World War III.
Rory: Arms crossed. How… l-long have you known this?
Shard: hesitates. Since right before your mom… passed. 
Daphne: You’ve known this for that long and you haven’t done anything?! You haven’t tried to stop him?!
Shard: Look, I’ve tried, but he’s not the easiest man to find—
Daphne: Oh really? Cause we found him pretty easily. Daphne turns her back on Shard.
Shard: Angry. I’ve tried, okay?! He took my goddaughter! He took Rory from me! You think I was just going to let that slide?!
Daphne: Well you didn’t try hard enough! Do you know what it was like to see her in there?! Hooked up to an IV?! 
Shard is visibly crying. Rory tries to speak up, but is talked over.
Rory: Daphne…
Daphne: Seeing her drugged?! Trapped, in her own mind?!
Rory: Shouts. DAPHNE! E-Enough!
A bright light flashes from Rory, and everyone stops. 
Rory: St-stop. L-leave him alone.
Daphne stares into Rory’s eyes, ashamed.
Daphne: I’m… Sorry.
Sami: Looking around. Let’s all just get some rest, okay? It’s been a long couple days, and I know we all need some sleep. 
Ryan: That’s a good idea.
Everyone walks off, to their bedrooms. Rory and Daphne are the last to go. Rory walks off with one last glance at Daphne, leaving her alone, standing by the table. 
The scene opens on a fight between the trio of Ataka, Lyra, and Masika vs. Harut and the other Arcanus. There are a number of action panels, depicting Ataka, Lyra, and Masika fighting against the Arcanus, who each take them on individually. Ataka summons a golden shield to defend himself from a blue/red energy blast from Harut. He then summons a blast of blue-white lightning, which Harut dodges, barely. Lyra has summoned a number of swords, circling her. They act according to her commands: An attack comes from her opponent, and two of the swords move to block it. She moves her hands, and a couple of swords go shooting toward her opponent. The other Arcanus thrusts out their hand, deflecting the swords back with a cone of telekinetic force. However, Lyra had thrown another blade from the side, which hits them across the chest. Masika is very aggressive against her opponent: She raises her hand in the air, and a number of blue arrows appear around her, which fly towards her opponent on curved paths. He attempts to block each one, but as the barrage continues, Masika dashes towards him, staff in hand. The barrage stops, and just as the Arcanus begins to recover, Masika is on top of him, staff hitting him from all directions. After a number of hits, Masika jumps back, and using her staff, telekinetically raises her opponent into the air, before throwing him at Ataka’s opponent, Harut. The two collide and the fighting stops, before they realize that there are more Arcanus running up to fight.
Ataka: Go, Masika! Lyra and I will hold them off!
Masika: Good luck, Ataka.
Masika runs off toward the library. Ataka and Lyra turn to the oncoming Arcanus, preparing to fight.
The panel opens on a huge darkened cavern, with a large staircase coming down from the ceiling in the back, a light coming from on top. Matt and Jace are walking down the staircase, peering into the depths of the cavern. 
Matt: What... is this place?
The point of view shifts to Matt’s, and the cavern is seen through his eyes. There is a glowing “mist” in the middle of the cavern, that is twisting and turning, almost like a boiling liquid. Visions can be seen changing within the cloud. Matt and Jace step down from the stairs, and the cloud stops churning. 
Jace: Something… doesn’t feel right…
Matt walks to the mist, and places his hand on it. A strong wind suddenly blows through the cavern, dissipating the mist. Jace and Matt look around, before a misty figure appears. It is Echo, Rory’s mother. 
Echo: Kastor, please… don’t do this. It’s not worth it. There are other ways.
Kastor’s form appears, misty.
Kastor: No. This is the only way to change the world.
Alloy: You’re trying to start World War III!
Echo: All of the lives lost… How could you even think about—
Parody: forget it, Echo. He’s too far gone.
The forms of Parody, Alloy, and Shard appear. 
Echo: I won’t let this happen. 
Kastor: How could you stop me? Shouting? What good will that do?
Kastor starts walking away, turning his back.
Echo: I have other methods. 
Echo’s voice starts ringing in Kastor’s ears. It starts off as a drone, which consistently gets louder and louder. Kastor drops to his knees, hands covering his ears. Blood begins dripping out of his ears.
Kastor: Stop!
Echo: I-I’m sorry, I can’t…
Kastor’s ears continue to bleed, heavier and heavier.
Kastor: Stop it!
Kastor stands, screaming at Echo. He raises his hands, and Echo is lifted into the air, contorted. Kastor twists his hands, and Echo’s neck snaps. She falls to the floor, and Shard catches her. 
Shard: Echo… Shard turns to Kastor. HOW COULD YOU!!!
Shard, Parody, and Alloy run toward Kastor, posed for a fight. Parody makes a dozen copies of herself, each of which jump towards him. Alloy covers himself in metallic armor and shoots a number of metal projectiles at Kastor. Shard is the first to reach him, and he attacks him with his arms transfigured into glass blades. The mist fades, and the Cavern is left empty. 
Jace: That girl… She looked like Rory…
Matt: And I recognize the others. 
Jace: Surprised. You do? 
Matt: Yeah. The glass one is Shard, and the other two are Parody and Alloy. They’re friends of my dad. What were they doing with Kastor?
Jace: It looks like they had a bit of history. 
Matt: That’s an understatement. We should talk to them, see what they know…
Jace: Sounds like a plan, let’s get out of here.
Jace and Matt turn towards the staircase, and continue walking towards it. As they do, the cavern warps, shrinking behind them. They exit the cave, back in the library. Suddenly, Masika comes flying (crashing) into the ring formed by the statues wings. 
Masika: Ugh… That was painful…
Lights flash against the dome, as the Arcanus attack. 
Jace: Helping her up. Masika!
Masika: Posed for fighting, magic swirling around her hands. Payback time.
Matt: No, not now. We have to leave. 
Suddenly, the statue rises, and the door made from the khopesh closes. The khopesh is reformed, and flies onto the statue’s back. He kneels down, and grabs Jace, Masika, and Matt.
Jace: What the—
The statue jumps into the air, wings outstretched. He crashes through the glass ceiling, and flies off into the sky.
Matt: I guess that works.
Masika: Where are we headed?
Matt: I have no idea, but I have a feeling this statue does.
The trio flies off into the distance, the sun reflecting off the surface of the statue.
 
The Outliers, Vol. 2, Book 7:
The scene opens on the news, with Jan Jewett reporting. She is standing on a port, in the bay of San Francisco. 
Jan Jewett: The tides are quickly rising, baffling many of the world’s leading experts. 
Suddenly, the ground rumbles, and a large wave comes crashing against the port. Jan looks over to the water. 
Jan: Something’s happening… Carl, get over here! Get this shot!
Jan runs to the side of the port, and the cameraman follows her, looking into the water. A large whirlpool has formed in the bay, and dark shapes can be seen on the side of the whirlpool. The camera looks into the water.
Jan: This is phenomenal! A large whirlpool has formed in the middle of the bay, and—wait, something’s coming towards us. Carl, what is it, what—
Suddenly, a Cethan warrior jumps out of the water, hitting Jan Jewett aside.
Cameraman/Carl: Ahhh! Janet!
The camera turns to the side, back towards the water, and another Cethan comes out of the water, jumping toward the cameraman. 
The scene shows the hotel suite, with Nathan, Sami, Ryan, Daphne, Rory, and Shard all watching. In the background, on the TV, the camera has obviously been dropped, and the next panel shows that the stream has been cut off, and a reporter is shown at the station.
Nathan: What were those things?
Ryan: It was the Ceth…
Daphne: What were they doing in the Bay Area?
Ryan: And why were they aggressive? The Ceth have a military, but it’s rarely used.
Nathan: Well, it’s clearly in use now. We need to go there, help the victims—
Shard: And what, start a war with the Ceth? I’ve had run-ins with them. They aren’t the easiest people to get along with.
Daphne: Clearly. 
Ryan: ...Nathan’s right. We need to do what we can to stop this. Daphne? Can your new device get us there? I need to speak to Jace’s mother. 
The scene cuts to Alanna, with a group of Cethans surrounding her. Another Ceth swims up. 
Alanna: What news have you to report?
Messenger: The National Guard has responded quicker than expected, but to no avail. Their actions will do little to hinder our advance.
Alanna: And what of the US government? Have they issued a statement?
Messenger: They refuse to negotiate the release of our captured citizens. 
Alanna: …What do you make of this, Hara?
Hara swims forward. He is a rather ordinary looking Ceth, wearing traditional Cethan armor. However, there is one thing special about him: he has purple and gold eyes.
Hara: The United States is one of the surface world’s greatest powers. We cannot let them have their way and mistreat the Cethan people. Someone must check them. It has fallen to us to balance the power.
Alanna: And so it shall be. To the messenger. Press forward. We will not halt our advance until they have been rescued.
Messenger: It shall be done. Leaves.
Alanna: These Americans… They are nothing like how my son has described them. It is as if we live in separate worlds…
Hara: Americans can be confusing people. 
Suddenly, a low boom is heard throughout the water, coming from the surface.
Alanna: What was that?
Another messenger swims up. 
Messenger: My lady, there is something you must see. The surface… There has been a new addition to their ranks. 
Alanna: What addition?
Messenger: There are inhumans helping them.
Alanna: Show me.
Alanna and the Messenger swim off. The panel shifts to Hara, leering.
The surface is shown on a large, two-page panel. It is a fight scene, where Ryan, Daphne, Rory, Sami, Nathan, and Shard are fighting off a number of Cethans on the streets of San Francisco. Ryan is in a cheetah form, pouncing from enemy to enemy. Daphne is doing a similar process, teleporting from Ceth to Ceth and then dropping them from the sky into the bay. Rory can be seen shooting beams of light throughout the crowd of Cethans, while surrounding herself in a glowing shield of hard-light. Sami wields a scimitar, controlling it with her telekinesis. Nathan does a combination of phasing through enemies and greatly increasing his density. Shard is blasting Ceth with shards of glass. 
Sami: Nathan! We have to clear the way for Ryan to get to the bay! 
Nathan: On it!
Nathan runs to Ryan’s position, phasing and fighting through the enemies in his way. He stops at Ryan’s side. 
Nathan: How’s it going professor?
Ryan: Don’t call me that. 
Ryan and Nathan fight alongside each other, working their way towards the water. 
Ryan: This is taking too long. 
Nathan: Well, we don’t really have another option. 
Ryan: … Throw me.
Nathan: What? Continuing to fight off the surrounding Ceth.
Ryan: Throw me. 
Nathan: You’ve got to be joking. 
Ryan: It’s the best plan we have. Do it, now!
Nathan grabs Ryan by the back, quickly turns, and hurls Ryan into the air. While he is in freefall, Ryan quickly changes form into an Orca person, before splashing into the bay. He splashes down, and looks around. He is surrounded by a number of surprised Ceth. 
Ryan: Don’t mind me, I just need to speak to your leader.
The scene reopens on the streets of San Francisco, where the group are still trying to fight off the Ceth. Nathan is surrounded, and is doing his best to hold the numerous Ceth on top of him off. He jumps, and loses weight as he rises, going higher and higher. He looks over the bay, and then over the hills to the west. Nathan sees a sparkling gold bird in the distance, but thinks nothing of it. He begins to fall, increasing his weight as he does. He lands in the middle of a crowd of Ceth Soldiers, and chunks of the ground go shooting away from his landing spot.
Shard yells to Sami.
Shard: Sami! Is the area clear of civilians? 
Sami: Yes. Daphne got the last of them out!
Shard: Perfect. I invited some friends over.
Shard slams his hand against the glass window of the building next to him. The glass opens, and out jump Parody and Alloy, who join the fray.
The scene shifts to Alanna. A group of Ceth swim up, holding Ryan between them, with his hands tied behind his back, still in Orca form. 
Ceth: My Lady, we have discovered a surfacer amongst our—
Ryan: Alanna, why are you doing this? What have the surface done to deserve a Cethan invasion?!
Ceth: Hits him across the face. Shut it!
Alanna: Angered. It is fine. Leave him. 
The Ceth, looking confused, swim away.
Alanna: What have they done to deserve this? Our people swim into the ocean at night, never to be found again. We live in constant fear of what lies beyond, only to find that it is the surface that has taken our people. No more. The surface will return our people, and my son.
Ryan: Confused. Your son? Jace?
Alanna: Insulted. Yes! Why would you be on the side of the surface in this tragedy?! I may have never approved of your relationship with my son, but I never doubted that you cared for him. And now you support his captors? Disgusting.
Ryan: Alanna, your son has not been taken by the States. He is safe, in a Arcanus city. 
Alanna: Lies. My people have uncovered the truth.
Alanna raises her hand, and an image appears in the water. It is of Jace tied to a chair, in Kastor’s prison. The view is from above, and the seal of the United States can be seen on the floor below him. 
Ryan: Concerned. Where did you get this information?
Alanna: My head advisor, Hara. Why does this matter?
Ryan: Because that isn’t Jace in an American prison. That’s him being held captive by a man we’ve been tracking, Kastor. He held Jace as a prisoner a little over a week ago.
Alanna: What does this—
Hara: Swims up. My lady, I hear we’ve captured a prisoner—
Hara looks at Ryan. Ryan looks back. He notices the gold and purple eyes of Hara.
Hara: --I’d love the chance to speak with him. 
 
The Outliers, Vol. 2, Book 8:
Hara: Our prisoner, my lady?
Alanna: Yes, here he—
Ryan notices Hara’s gold and purple eyes. Ryan chuckles.
Ryan: It all makes sense now. You may have her fooled, but you don’t have me.
Suddenly, Ryan turns into octopus form, and slides out of his bonds, rushing at Hara/Kastor. His tentacles extend toward Kastor, wrapping him in a web.
Ryan: Hara is Kastor. 
Hara: My lady, I have no idea what he speaks of.
Alanna: Let him go! He has been my trusted advisor for years.
Ryan: I’m sure he’s been your advisor, but he shouldn’t be trusted.
Ryan throws Kastor with all of his strength towards a nearby rock wall. Ryan rushes toward him, again grabbing him with tentacles.
Ryan: Change, dammit! Change!
Ryan throws him again, and rushes toward him, again.
The scene cuts to Jace, Matt, and Masika, flying on the golden statue. As they approach the bay area, the look towards the ground.
Jace: The Ceth… The invasion… Matt, it’s started. 
Matt: Already? Are we… too late?
Masika: I don’t think so. Their advance is still in the beginning stages. And it seems as if they are being met with considerable resistance…
Jace: Ha-ha, oh yeah, they are.
The trio look down, and notice the Outliers, Shard, Alloy, and Parody fighting off the Ceth.
Masika: Let’s go help them out. 
Jace: Matt, wait until this thing lands. 
Matt: Sure thing.
Masika and Jace jump down from the statue, with Matt still on top of it.
Matt: Like I have a choice. Oh, to have super powers.
Masika and Jace shoot towards the ground. As they get closer, Masika casts a spell and begins to slow, transitioning to levitating. Jace summons water towards him from the bay, which reaches into the air, catching him. They go towards the ground, and the water becomes a wave which Jace rides on. He goes flooding through the streets, sending waves towards the Ceth, which freeze as they hit. Masika levitates along the wharf, with a glowing shield/orb surrounding her. She summons blasts of arcane energy, which go shooting towards the oncoming Ceth. The advance of the Ceth slows, and there is a brief time of rest. Masika lands on the ground of the wharf, breathing heavy. Jace stops nearby, and the others come running up. Daphne runs up and hugs Jace.
Daphne: I’m so glad you’re okay!
Jace: Matt’s on his way too. Looks around. Where’s Ryan?
Nathan: He went to talk to your mother. But… he’s been gone a while.
Jace: What do you mean? Sami, can you detect him?
Sami: No, I’ve been trying, but there’s so many minds in distress. I can’t focus.
Jace: Well then there’s only one option. 
Jace turns towards to the sea. 
Sami: Jace, wait!
He begins to run, and jumps in. He submerges, his head surrounded in a bulb of air.
Sami: Dammit! Why can’t anybody wait?
Nathan: Umm… guys? I think we have another problem.
Sami: That’s what I’ve been trying to say. The Ceth didn’t get orders to stop the attack. They got orders to make way for something bigger.
Nathan: And I think I know what they mean by bigger.
Nathan points towards the water, and a giant sea monster bursts out of the sea. It has six eyes and a large tail, with blue skin and bioluminescent dots along its skin.
Daphne: Fuck. That. 
Suddenly, the golden statue flies in, drops Matt next to the group, and draws its khopesh, flying toward the sea creature, engaging it in combat.
Nathan: What the hell is that thing?!
Matt: I have no idea.
The scene cuts to Ryan, Alanna, and Hara. Ryan yells, angry.
Ryan: CHANGE!!!
Alanna: I will not let you hurt him!
Alanna prepares to throw a spear at Ryan, before she suddenly stops, and is pulled backward by the water.
Jace: And I won’t let you hurt him!
Jace pulls Alanna away from the fight, and enters the fray with Ryan and Hara. Hara yells, and Ryan and Jace are pushed back by a blast of force.
Hara: No more!
Hara changes his form, surrounded by a dark shadowy aura. He steps out of it, reappearing as Kastor. 
Kastor: You should’ve listened to them.
Kastor teleports away, reappearing behind Alanna. He summons a dark blade, and stabs her in the back. 
Jace: NOOO!!!
Kastor disappears again, shooting towards the surface. Jace swims to Alanna holding her in his arms. 
Jace: Mother… No!!!
Alanna: Jace, our people… the Ceth… they’ll need you. And Ryan. Together, help rebuild us.
Ryan swims up as well, changing from his octopus form to orca form.
Ryan: We will.
Jace: No… you can’t…
Alanna fades, her body drifting.
Jace: KASTOR!!!
The scene shifts to the group on the wharf. The sea creature and statue are still in combat. The statue flies around the beast, slashing at it when possible, drawing green blood. The creature yells, and swings its arm, hitting the golden statue. It goes flying toward the city, and hits a building, which tumbles down on top of it. The statue cracks, and ceases to move. 
Daphne: Well, that’s not good.
Masika: And that’s worse.
The group spots Kastor flying into the air from the sea. He looks at them, and raises his hands. The injured sea creature disappears back into the sea.
Kastor: Friends! I’m glad you’ve come to join my cause.
Parody: Never Kastor! This is insane! 
Kastor: My dear ally, I’m afraid you have no choice in the matter.
Kastor fires three blasts of energy at Shard, Parody, and Alloy, hitting them square in the chest. They each scream, their voices piercing through the quiet city. 
Shard/Parody/Alloy: Aaaakkkhhhh!!!
Their eyes turn red, and they rise, turning towards Rory, Sami, Daphne, Nathan, Masika, and Matt. 
Kastor: Attack.
Shard, Parody, and Alloy rush the group. Alloy goes for Nathan, bending metal toward him. Chains come at Nathan from all sides, and large bars of metal go flying. Nathan does his best to dodge and phase through the oncoming attacks, letting some pass through, and tanking others by increasing his density. He jumps towards Alloy, who dodges as Nathan smashes the ground where he was. A chain whips, and Nathan is hit on the side of the head, during the recovery from his attack. Parody attacks Matt and Daphne. With Matt, she creates a number of copies which superimpose themselves to create a flurry of attacks, their bodies overlapping while their appendages strike at Matt, who blocks as much as possible. A group of copies crowd Daphne, who is teleporting sporadically in an attempt to shake them loose, but is unsuccessful. Shard approaches Sami, who attempts to push him telekinetically. However, her attack does not work. 
Shard: You do not control my body. I do.
Shard lets loose a storm of glass dust, which flies toward Sami, enveloping her. Sami raises a telekinetic shield, protecting herself from the relentless storm. As one hand sustains the storm, the other defends from Rory, who is shooting beams of light at Shard. His arm morphs into a shield, protecting his body and refracting the light aimed at him. 
Rory: Don’t let him control you!
Surrounded in an Aura of light, Rory releases all of her energy into a single attack, barraging Shard. His shield shatters, and he recoils, releasing Sami from the storm as well. 
Shard: You will die. Just like your mother.
Shard recovers from the attack, and begins to throw glass spikes at Rory. Sami jumps in front of them, telekinetically stopping them. 
Sami: No. She won’t. 
The glass shards break apart, and Sami rushes Kastor with her scimitar. 
 

The Outliers, Vol. 2, Book 9:
A number of panels flash, recounting the current fight. Nathan wrapped in chains, Daphne surrounded by copies of Parody, Matt fighting some off in the distance. Sami deflecting attacks with her scimitar, and Rory shooting rays of light at Shard. The panel centers on Kastor, who is levitating above the fight. Masika appears nearby. 
Masika: Stop what you are doing! This is not how the world should be. 
Kastor: You’re right, it shouldn’t be this way. We should be united, but instead, nations choose to destroy each other to further their own self interests. The world is corrupted, and it needs to be changed. Join me, my daughter. Join me to rid this world of corruption, of greed, of agony. Together, we can fix this place.
Masika: Fix this? You’re the one ruining it! Taking people’s lives, removing their free will! I will never join you in this madness. It is not right.
Kastor: How deluded you are. The human world has poisoned you. How can you not see the squalor you live in? This world is evil, and it must be erased before it can be rebuilt.
Masika: I will not let this happen.
Kastor: Then you will be moved out of the way.
Kastor turns toward Masika, and hits her with a blast of red force. The two engage in a large fight, with bursts of arcane energy lighting up the sky. Masika shoots a number of arrows at Kastor, who deflects them and summons a rope of scarlet fire, lassoing Masika. She wraps her hands around the rope and pulls, bringing Kastor flying towards her. She raises her knee, and hits him in the chest. Kastor escapes her grasp, and they begin to throw energy blasts at each other, lighting up the sky with red and blue.
The scene shifts to Jace and Ryan, still under the sea.
Ryan: Solemnly. What do we do now?
Jace: Nothing. We’ve lost. Kastor’s won.
Ryan: No, he hasn’t. Our people are still on the surface, working to stop him. We haven’t lost yet. We need you. I need you.
Jace: Why? We’ve worked so hard for peace, and one man brings the world tumbling down. 
Ryan: But it wasn’t one man. It was the Ceth. They’re here to save you. Your entire society came because you are that important to them. Because you were that important to your mother. Don’t let her die in vain. 
Jace: Why?
Ryan: Why what?
Jace: Why are you defending her? She hated you. She despised us. 
Ryan: She may not have approved of our relationship, but that doesn’t mean she’s a bad person. She was your mother, and she was just trying to look out for your best interest within her society. It doesn’t mean she was right, but she wasn’t necessarily in the wrong either. 
Jace: How? How can you be so open-minded? So, understanding? We got in so many fights over you, and yet we could never see eye-to-eye, on anything.
Ryan: That’s not true. Both of you knew that she loved you, with all her heart. Don’t let that love go to waste.
Jace swims to Ryan, and hugs him. 
Jace: I won’t. Angry. It’s time to finish this.
Ryan: I’ll be here.
Jace swims quickly to the surface. As he does, water swirls around him, rising with him. He breaks the surface, and spires of water follow.
Jace: KASTOR!!! FACE ME!!!
Jace looks around, and notices Masika and Kastor falling. He rushes towards them, the spires of water following. Masika and Kastor separate, and Jace rushes in, grabbing Kastor. The spires of water act like arms, punching Kastor further and further into the sky. The onslaught stops, and Jace, hovering on a spire of water, eyes blue, grabs Kastor by the throat.
Jace: You’re. done.
Jace lifts Kastor further in the air, turns, and dives to the ground, surrounded by water. The water begins to freeze, and Jace throws Kastor to the ground, send him smashing into the wharf. He stands, struggling to rise, as Jace and Masika land next to him. Jace whips his hand, and Kastor is brought to his knees, ropes of water wrapped around his arms, holding him.
Kastor: This won’t stop anything. Your friends are dead. Even now, they break. Your friends are falling.
Panels are shown showing the fight on the pier. Rory is on the ground, with a shard of glass sticking out of her stomach. Sami has cuts on her arms, her robes tattered. Matt is slouched against a wall, Parody standing over him. Daphne is in a headlock by one of Parody’s copies. Nathan is covered in piles of construction materials, with Alloy hovering above him, surrounded by floating pieces of metal. 
Kastor: There is no way to save your friends. 
Jace: I disagree. 
Jace bends the water, forming a number of ice shards, each of which point at Kastor. He prepares to strike. Masika stops him, holding his raised hand still.
Masika: Jace, if you do this, there is no coming back. 
Jace: I know.
Jace lowers his hand, and in a blink of an eye, the shards of ice impale Kastor, and he falls to the ground, with shadows leaking out of his wounds. Jace turns around as Kastor dissolves into dust. He walks past Masika and stops, still looking away.
Jace: …Don’t tell Ryan. 
The scene opens back on the pier with the group, and the aftermath of the fight can be seen. Shard, Parody, and Alloy are recovering from their possession, standing on their own. The rest of the group is also recovering: Sami is wrapping Nathan’s head in a bandage, while Daphne is providing medical care to Rory. 
Daphne: It’s okay, you’ll be alright.
Matt is bruised, but otherwise unharmed. He is standing at the edge of the pier, where Ryan sits, with the body of Jace’s mom. There are also a few Cethans surrounding her. Everyone looks up as Jace and Masika approach. 
Jace: …It’s over.
Jace walks over to Ryan, and sits down next to him. One of the Ceth begin to speak up.
Ceth: She was well loved. We shall give her a funeral of great beauty.
Jace: Clearly uninterested. Ok. 
Ceth: You… You are her heir. It is your right to take her place.
Jace: No.
Ceth: …No?
Jace: Your society doesn’t want me. My society doesn’t want me. So, they will not get me. 
Jace stands up, looking at the Ceth. 
Jace: Lead your own people. Jace walks off, over to Matt and Masika.
Ryan: Jace— I’m sure he’ll come around. In the meantime, prepare her funeral. You may take her.
Ceth: Thank you.
The Ceth take Alanna, and swim off into the sea.
The next panel takes place one day later, as the city recovers from the invasion. The scene opens in Daphne and Ryan’s parent’s house, where the Outliers are staying. Most of them are sitting in central area. Jace is in the corner, silent, and Matt is nowhere to be seen. Rory walks in.
Rory: They just left for the Arcanus civilization.
A panel shows Shard, Parody, and Alloy leaving.
Sami: It’ll be good to get some time away. To help people. To right what they feel is their wrongs. 
Nathan: I’m sorry they had to leave. 
Ryan: Being controlled like that, it isn’t fun. You can understand what you’re doing, what you’re saying, but there’s nothing you can do to stop it. 
Rory: It’s terrifying.
They sit in silence. Matt walks in.
Matt: Jace, can I speak with you?
Jace nods, and they leave. The scene reopens outside, during the sunset.
Matt: There’s something I’ve been needing to say. Jace is still silent, waiting for Matt to continue. My powers, they’re dangerous. When I was with Sami in Washington, she helped me realize something, something about my past, and it scared me. But now, I’m beginning to come to terms with it, and I’ve realized what I must do.
Jace stops walking. Matt continues forward for a couple paces, and then stops. 
Matt: I’m leaving, Jace, and I won’t be back. 
Jace: Confused. What do you mean, “You won’t be back?”
Matt: Don’t you understand? My powers tell me what will happen, but they will only occur as long as I am alive. But I have seen things that I never want to occur, and so they must be stopped. 
Jace: Matt… you don’t mean—
Matt: Please, don’t try to talk me out of it. It’s hard enough as it is. I’ve already said bye to everyone else. 
Jace: You can’t do this. Please—
Matt: Yelling. Jace, I saw your mother die, okay!?! That’s on me!!! I could’ve stopped it!!! Breaks down, crying. I can’t do this anymore. I love you, I love all of you, but I just can’t.
Jace runs up and hugs Matt.
Jace: I’m going to miss you. 
Matt: I know, but we’ll see each other again, one day.
Jace: One day. 
Matt and Jace hug, as the sun sets, neither letting go. 
The Outliers, Vol. 2, Book 10: Aftermath
The panel opens on two different scenes, which switch off. Both scenes shown are a funeral: one for Alanna, and one for Matt. Alanna’s takes place in the ocean, above the surface. There are crowds of Cethans peering out of the water, and the sea is stormy. Alanna lies on a raised platform, who’s base reaches down deep into the sea. A Cethan garbed in formal wear raises a torch, which burns scarlet red. He lowers his arm, and sets fire to Alanna’s grave, sending it up in flames. The scarlet red of the fire burns bright in the dark night. Matt’s funeral is much different: he lies inconspicuous, on a hill. The outliers surround his grave, which is marked by a simple stone plaque, which reads “Matthew Downing.” There are a number of small candles, flowers, and a picture of Matt sitting on the grave site, surrounding the plaque. Slowly, one by one, the Outliers leave, until one remains. Jace looks down at the grave, motionless. Ryan walks up to Jace. 
Ryan: It’s time to go. Jace doesn’t move. It won’t do you any good to stay here all-day long.
Jace: He was my best friend, and now he’s gone.
Ryan: He wouldn’t want you stay here and mope. He’d want you to go out and save the world. That’s why he left this. 
Ryan hands Jace a journal. Jace looks at him, curious.
Jace: What is this?
Ryan: It’s Matt’s journal. He gave it to me to give to you. It’s a collection of his dreams. Everything he saw, that might one day come true. It’s up to you—up to us—to make sure that some of the events in there don’t happen. 
Jace: Smirks. Of course, he would leave most of the work to us. When’s the first entry?
Ryan: Seven days from now. An ocean-liner crashes in the North Sea. 
Jace: Natural?
Ryan: Matt seems to believe so. But we can save lives.
Jace: Well then let’s go. Who’s with us?
Ryan: Nathan, Sami, and Masika.
Jace: No Daphne or Rory?
Daphne and Rory step out from behind a tree.
Daphne: We thought some downtime was in order.
Rory: This life… it isn’t for me. All my life, I’ve been surround by super-powered individuals, and it just creates chaos. I need time to recover, from memory loss, from Kastor…
Daphne: We want to start our own lives, someplace real.
Jace: embracing Daphne in a hug. I’m going to miss you. 
Daphne: Calm down, Broseph! I’m not leaving you forever. You are my brother’s boyfriend, after all. 
Jace: Still. It was nice having you around. Turns to Rory. And Rory, I’m going to miss you too!
Rory: Embracing Jace in a hug. Thank you, for everything. 
Jace: Anytime.
The scene opens on a man, floating high in the atmosphere, on the edge of the earth. His skin is as dark as night, yet it appears to be on fire, energy coming out of his pores.
Helios: The sun gives life. Its light, shining down on the Earth, allows us to live. Allowing me to thrive.
The Earth turns, and the sun peaks out behind the surface, bathing him in light. The fire glows brighter. He turns in the air, hovering upright, looking down at the surface.
Helios: My dominion. A gorgeous planet. Yet, something is amiss… I can feel them. Growing stronger, their numbers increasing. My kind, my people, my kin. The inhumans. It’s time. 
Helios flies off, fire flowing behind him. The panel shows him descending to the world, appearing as a shooting star. 
The scene opens a week later. The Outliers are sitting in a living room, watching the T.V.
Janet Jackson: As you can see, the crew and passengers of the U.S.S. Charlotte are safely aboard the shore, where emergency services quickly arrived to attend to injured passengers. Thanks to the intervention of an inhuman group called the Outliers, numerous lives were saved in what might have been a disastrous crash.
The view zooms out, revealing the room where Masika, Jace, Ryan, Nathan, and Sami sit. 
Nathan: The Outliers? Who came up with that name?
Everyone looks at Ryan.
Ryan: What? We aren’t exactly the norm.
Masika: Well, you actually are. You don’t exactly have powers the same way we do.
Nathan: Great. Never let the dork come up with the name.
Sami: What do you mean “don’t let the dork come up with the name?” We’re all dorks. There was literally no other choice.
Nathan: Yeah, but we could’ve, I don’t know, given it to Jace or something.
Ryan and Jace laugh.
Jace: Give it to me?
Ryan: Nathan, Jace is the one who came up with the name.
Nathan: Looking betrayed. And here I thought you were cool…
Jace: Well you thought wrong. High fiving Ryan, and then giving him a kiss.
Masika: So, anyway, what’s the next entry in this book of Matt’s? 
Everyone grows silent.
Ryan: Just a few small things, nothing major. The next one on here is a run-away train a month from now, and then a bank robbery two weeks after that.
Sami: Classy.
Masika: In the meantime, the rest of us should split ways. Go to different cities, try to help what Matt couldn’t see, couldn’t predict.
Nathan: I agree! Where should we each go? We should all spread out! Cover the entire world!
Ryan: Nathan, there are only five of us. 
Sami: I have a better idea. Why not set up a system, which will allow us to cover more than one place at a time? Ryan, would you be able to contact your old college roommate?
Ryan: The one who created Daphne’s tech? Yeah. I could get ahold of him.
Sami: Great. I’d love to speak with him. 
Ryan: I’ll arrange it.
Masika: What are you planning?
Sami: If we can engineer a way to quickly travel between cities, we don’t have to spread out all the time. 
Ryan: So you want to develop tech that allows us to quickly travel between points? That can be arranged.
Nathan: What will we do in the meantime? Before the nodes are made?
Jace: I should go to Cetho. After my mother’s demise, the Cethans could really use me. 
Ryan: I’ll come with you—
Jace: No, this is something I need to do alone.
Ryan: Are you sure?
Jace: Yes. You and Sami should stay here, in my dad’s house. It has everything you need, and you two can work on the nodes with John.
Masika: And I’ll go to my apartment in Boston, and use it to scout out locations for the nodes.
Nathan: And I’ll—
Masika: Go back to school, back at your home.
Nathan: What? You can’t expect me to—
Jace: Yes, we can. We all had an education. You need one too.
Sami: Plus, your mother would love to see you again.
Nathan: Yeah, I know… it’s just that you guys are the only place I’ve ever really felt like myself. Where I’ve felt… comfortable in my own skin. 
Jace: I promise we’ll visit. 
Sami: And once we’ve engineered the nodes, we can install one in your house.
Ryan: With your mother’s permission, of course.
Sami: So it’s settled. Jace will go to Cetho, Masika to Boston, and Nathan back home.
Ryan: And Sami and I will stay here.
Jace: It’s a plan.
The scene shifts, opening on a scene in the Middle East. Helios floats above the ancient city.
Helios: This city was the birthplace of humanity. The first home to civilization, and the origin of the first species of humanity.
Helios rises higher, and flies around the city beneath him.
Helios: The Homo Sapiens, Homo Arcanus, and the Homo Aquaeus. How ironic that these species started here, in my birthplace, when I am also the first of my kind, the first Homo Superius. This city holds many secrets beneath its sands, but for now, there is only one I am looking for. A distraction.
Helios lowers himself over a ruined temple, far away from the city. He raises his hands, and a column of fire erupts down from them. A scream is heard, yet it is not human.
Helios: And so it begins. 
The Outliers, Vol. 3, Book 1:
The scene opens a number of months after The Outliers: Aftermath, following the events of Riptide Vol 1. It opens on a cell in a police station. Ryan sits inside alone, looking beaten, and he is chained to the wall. Sami and Jace walk into the station. The police look up as they enter. Jace and Sami walk up to the counter.
Jace: Can we see him?
Policeman: Uh, yeah. Right this way, sir.
The policeman leads Jace and Sami into the cell block. Ryan looks up as they enter, and then puts his head back down.
Jace: Hey.
Ryan: Hey.
Jace: I heard about the bank. What happened to you?
Ryan: I, I’m not sure. One minute everything was normal, and the next… Ryan starts to cry.
Jace: It’s okay. Moves to comfort Ryan.
Ryan: NO! Stay away from me!
Jace: Ryan—
Ryan: NO!!! Get away! I killed them ALL!!!
Jace: Okay, okay. We’re just here to help. We just need to understand what happened—
Ryan: What happened?! I killed them! All of them!!! Without even meaning to!!! I—I couldn’t control it…
Sami: Whispering to Jace. I can feel the rage emanating from him…
Jace: Whispering to Sami. Can you get inside his head? To see what happened?
Sami: Whispering. I can try…
Sami puts her hands to her head, and visions flash in her mind.
Ryan: I can feel you in there… What, do you not believe me? Do you not trust me?!? 
Ryan lunges at Sami, his eyes yellow, teeth bared, sharp. He looks wolfish, yet still human. Sami, however, is just out of his reach, as the chains hold his arms back.
Ryan: Stay out of my head.
Ryan backs away. 
Sami: We’re here to help you, and we can’t do that without your cooperation.
Ryan: It doesn’t matter. I just need time. 
Jace: Ryan, it’ll be easier if—
Ryan: What do you know? You left me for six weeks. 
Jace: You know I—
Ryan: I think it’s time for you to go. We can talk later.
Jace: …Fine. Okay.
Jace and Sami leave Ryan. They begin to walk back to Jace’s house in Seattle.
Sami: I’ll arrange for him to be moved to a more private and comfortable cell, for the time being. 
Jace: Great.
Sami: Sami looks at him. I know how you feel. I don’t need to read your mind to know it. 
Jace is silent.
Sami: Do you want to know how he felt? Ryan? He didn’t feel guilty. He didn’t feel regretful. He felt scared. Scared of how you would react. 
Jace: Why should he, if it wasn’t his fault?
Sami: Because it was his fault, inadvertently. He was making a new batch of his serum, but he didn’t allow the process to complete before he used it. It didn’t attach to his DNA properly: instead, it mutated, and latched on to places it shouldn’t have. He lost control. He became rabid. Primal.
Jace: That’s why he didn’t want you in his head. 
Sami: He knew I would tell you.
The scene shifts, opening on Helios weeks later. He is standing on the ground in the middle of a field surrounded by a thin layer of trees, looking up at the night sky. A plane flies by overhead.
Helios: There you are.
Helios lifts off the ground, surrounded by an aura of fire, and flies after the plane. He begins to overtake it, pulling forward. The pilot looks to the side, spotting Helios.
Co-Pilot: What is that thing?
Pilot: Central, we have an unidentified flying object on the port side of the plane. Standing by for orders.
Co-Pilot: Looking out the window in awe, frightened. Oh shit…
The inside of the plane is shown, where rows of inmates dressed in orange. Calix sits among them, along with an older man in a high tech blind fold. All the windows of the plane are closed. Helios pulls in front of the plane, and stops, prepared for impact. He raises his fist, which begins to glow white, and punches the nose of the plane down as it reaches him. 
Pilot: Mayday, Mayday! We are going down! I repeat, we are—
The inside of the plane is shown again, just as it begins to plummet. Calix looks up, and to the side the man with glasses speaks. 
Augur: There’s a man on fire outside. This seems fun. 
The plane jolts, and the lights shudder. A number of prisoners rise from their seats, including Calix. He looks up and down the aisle, as the plane jolts again, and begins to fall. He runs to the front of the plane as it tilts. A guard notices and pulls a gun on Calix.
Guard: Sit back down, get in your seat!
Calix slides on the ground as the plane tilts further down. He slides underneath the guard, twists, and grabs his leg, pulling him down. He jumps off the wall as the plane plummets further to the ground. The scene returns to the outside, where Helios flies down, following the trajectory of the plane. He flies forward alongside the plane, and turns in the air, sending a blast of energy through the plane, cutting it in half. He falls back, grabbing the tail of the plane, and throws the back end away. The scene returns to the inside, where Calix is climbing up the seats of the plane, now vertical. He goes further, before the man with the blindfold stops him. 
Augur: Wait, my son. 
Calix: Get your hands off me, you—
A blast of fire emerges from the walls of the plane, as it splits in half. He looks up as it breaks away, and notices Helios throwing away the back of the plane.
Calix: Looking at Augur. Thanks.
Helios flies forward again, and catches the plane by the nose, slowing its decent. He lands, fully stopping the front half of the plane. He lowers it to the ground. Calix and Augur step out, along with a few other inmates. The rest are either unconscious or dead. Helios raises his hands in greeting.
Helios: Calix! Augur! Just the two I wanted to see! Care to join me?
The scene shifts back to Jace’s Seattle house, which was his parents before his. Jace walks through the rooms, which are strangely decorated with a number of mysterious objects. He walks into a room which has water pouring from underneath a door. He sighs, motions, and then freezes the door, sealing it. He keeps walking into another room, where Masika stands. An orb of arcane energy swirls in the center, which she is pouring energy into. There is a chest sitting in the corner of the room. It shakes, and a disembodied scream rises from its depths.
Jace: Looks fun. 
Masika halts her magic. 
Masika: An old friend. It was the only way to contain her.
Jace: What were you up to?
Masika: Pocket dimension. Your dad must’ve left a million of them around the house. 
Jace: Come on, he only had 6 of them.
Masika: 9, actually. So far. Plus that one.
Jace begins to count on his fingers.
Jace: Are you sure? I still only count six. Living room, study, my room…
Masika: You’re forgetting the extra one in the study, and two others you probably never knew about.
Jace: Really, where?
Masika: One in a secret room in the basement, and a final one in your parents’ bedroom. 
Jace gives her a questioning look.
Masika: You don’t want to know what was in there.
The two of them walk into another room, which is clearly the living room. Nathan and Sami are sitting inside. 
Jace: How are the upgrades going?
Sami: So far so good. The new tech and old magic seem to be getting along just fine.
Nathan: Dude, this place is awesome. Three stories? And a basement?
Jace: Welcome to my home. 
Suddenly, a disembodied voice sounds throughout the house.
Voice: Sir, there is someone at the door. A doorbell rings.
Jace: I’ll be right there.
Jace walks off, and the rooms and hallways shorten to make his trip faster. He reaches the door, and opens it. Standing before him is an older man in military gear, who looks surprisingly relaxed and humble. 
Admiral Jones: Ah, you must be Jace Collins? We’ve been seeing a lot of you and your friends recently.
Jace: And you are?
Admiral Jones: Admiral Jones, pleasure to meet you. I believe we have some business to discuss? Why don’t we go inside and have a drink? Admiral Jones walks into the house.
The Outliers, Vol. 3, Book 2:
The scene opens on the living room of Jace’s house. The group sits, talking with Admiral Jones. 
Admiral Jones: We’ve been keeping a close eye on your group.
Masika: Excuse me, have you been spying on us?
Admiral Jones: No no, not spying. Just keeping tabs. Making sure your families stay safe. Back in my day, I worked with a group like yours. I was their liaison to the U.S. government.
Sami: We know of them. 
Nathan: We do?
Sami: Shard and the others.
Admiral Jones: Yes, yes, what a fine young man. Troubling past, but sometimes the best have those. 
Jace: So, what do you need with us?
Admiral Jones: I’m merely here to speak with you. On behalf of the President of the United States.
Jace: Wait, are you here to recruit us? Because we are not heroes for hire—
Admiral Jones: No no, nothing of the sort. It’s much easier for us if we don’t officially endorse your activities. I am merely here to discuss the arrangements we have made, nothing else. Some of which I have already mentioned.
Nathan: Such as…?
Admiral Jones: Such as the protection for your families. We have arranged for your relatives to be protected by some of our best. Your family does not know this, of course. Not that it would matter. 
Nathan: Uh, thanks.
Admiral Jones: Further, we have added surveillance to each of your teleportation nodes, and will alert your team if any of them are tampered with. 
Masika: We appreciate that, but does that mean you will be watching our movements through them as well?
Admiral Jones: Um, yes, it would. But with the high level of fame you have attained in such a short time, we would have plenty of other ways of finding you.
Sami: He speaks the truth. They are not using the surveillance of the nodes to watch us, only to protect us.
Admiral Jones: Thank you, my dear. Lastly, there is one other thing that must be discussed, which is of a much more urgent matter.
Masika: And that would be…
Admiral Jones: The Teren of the Amazon contacted us, and arranged for the U.S. government to take custody of the one you know as Calix, storing him in one of our super prisons. However, his flight was intercepted. 
Jace: Intercepted?
Admiral Jones: We do not know who or what intercepted them, however the wreckage indicates massive releases of thermal energy. Most likely an inhuman.
Jace: And what of Calix?
Admiral Jones: He is unaccounted for.
Jace: Damnit! We need to find him! He’s dangerous!
Admiral Jones: We are aware. That is why I’ve been sent to you, above all else. The U.S. government is extending you the chance to take on the case. If you are interested—which I’m sure you are—the wreckage is located at 43.408 No and 105.898 Wo. 
Jace: We will take the case. I can’t let Calix get away.
Masika: I agree. He is too dangerous.
Admiral Jones: Well then, I best be on my way. Mind if I use your node? 
Sami: Sure, go ahead.
Nathan: Wait, are we just letting him—
By the time Nathan speaks up, Admiral Jones is already at the node, scanning his hand on the screen. 
Admiral Jones: Winks at Nathan. Good luck.
Admiral Jones teleports away. 
The scene opens on the wreckage of the plane. Masika, Sami, Nathan, and Jace are investigating. 
Jace: What happened here? This place is a wreck. Literally. 
Nathan: Not to mention that the plane is split in two. And the other half is nearly a quarter of a mile away.
Jace: Masika, can you detect anything?
Masika’s eyes glow, and she floats into the air. 
Masika: !cigam tceteD!
A soft wind blows through the area, and Masika returns to the ground. 
Masika: It wasn’t magic. There was no trace of arcane energy.
Nathan: Then what did this? Pointing to the edge of the hull, which was clearly melted.
Jace: Inhuman?
Sami: It’s the most likely conclusion. Masika, can you detect anything else?
Masika raises her hand, and blue auras appear out of thin air, taking the places of where Calix, Augur, and Helios had been. Helios’s aura looks like it is on fire. The auras stand there for a while, talking, but without sound. Then Helios turns and walks away, with the auras of Calix and Augur following him.
Jace: Who was the one on fire?
Sami: Must’ve been the one who caused the crash.
Masika: It looks like they went with him willingly. 
Nathan: So then how do we find them?
Masika: Pointing to a fourth aura. Him. 
The fourth aura peers behind the plane and limps away. The group walks over to where his aura was. As they get closer, they notice a trail of blood.
Jace: Let’s track him. 
Masika bends over and touches the trail of blood, which begins to glow gold. 
Masika: Our path lies ahead.
They begin to follow the trail.
The scene opens on a darkened prison, where a woman sits in an airtight cell. She has light skin and blonde hair, with very thin, angular features. She is intimidatingly beautiful, yet cold. A gunshot is heard, and then a cackle. It grows closer, as clanks are heard on cell bars.
Pandemonium: Ahhaha! Heehehahahhaaa!
Pandemonium jumps in front of Spore’s cell. They wear a red and black coat and top hat, with a mask comprised of both a smile and frown. She turns her head to look at them. They cock their head, and crouches, pulling a music box out of his coat. 
Pandemonium: Hehe! Bye bye birdie! He sets the box down, as it begins to play a tune. 
Spore: What are you—
Pandemonium skips away, cackling, as other inmates begin to look out of their cells. 
Inmate: Who are you?
Inmate: What’s going on?
Spore walks to the edge of the cell, near the music box. As the song comes to an end, the music box explodes, shattering Spore’s cell. She is knocked back against the wall, just as Pandemonium returns. 
Pandemonium: Here’s Johnny! 
Spore thrusts out her hand, sending a wave of dust at Pandemonium. It swirls around his head, and he looks at her.
Pandemonium: Oohh, tasty… Heheha!
Spore: What do you want with me?
Calix: Walks into the cell. We’re here for recruitment. Turns to Pandemonium. You left a guard alive. 
Pandemonium: I was saving him for later.
Calix: We don’t have time for that. So, Spore, you in? 
Spore: In what?
Calix: In to join a gang that just wants to have a little fun with some inhuman friends of ours. 
Spore: Smiling. Sounds like a good time to me. 
Pandemonium: Hehe! And the pieces all begin to fit together…
Pandemonium, Spore, and Calix begin to walk out of the prison, with the inmates jeering at them. They exit, only to find a group of guards facing them, with a helicopter floating overhead. 
Guard: Stand still! Don’t move!
Calix: Sorry bud, but that isn’t part of the plan.
Calix shoots a grapple at the helicopter, and a stream of electricity runs along the line. The helicopter shuts down, wavering, before falling to the ground, and lighting the yard with fire. Pandemonium runs forward, cackling, and begins to hit the guards with a nailed bat. Spore sends a blast of dust at the other guards, sending them into a fit of coughing, unable to retaliate. Blood spills from their mouths as they fall to the ground.
Spore: Sometimes they just make it too easy. How do we get out of here?
Suddenly, another helicopter appears out of the sky, landing in the yard. Augur is seen flying it.
Calix: That’s our ride. Let’s go.
Spore, Pandemonium, and Calix all climb into the helicopter, as it begins to take flight.
The Outliers, Vol. 3, Book 3:
The scene opens on the Outliers following the golden path. It leads them to an old abandoned barn. The Outliers stop outside the front of the barn. 
Jace: Who do you think is inside?
Sami: It’s certainly not one of the guards. Calix would never be reckless enough to let one of them go.
Nathan: Well then let’s find out. 
Nathan walks forward, and phases his head through the barn door. A scream echoes from inside, and then Nathan pulls his head out.
Nathan: That may have been a bad idea. But, they’re in there.
Jace: Who is it? 
Nathan: No idea. Didn’t recognize them. But Sami was right. Definitely not a guard. 
Jace: Alright, let’s talk to them.
Jace walk up to the barn, but notices something. There’s a lock on the door, from the outside.
Jace: Wait, there’s a lock here… how did they get inside?
Sami: I mean, most the people on that plane were high security prisoners. Most likely inhumans. 
Jace freezes the lock and it shatters. He swings the door open, and the Outliers enter. Across the room lays a man in orange, on top of a pile of hay. His leg is bent at a weird angle.
Ophid: Hah. The Outliers. What do you want with me?
Masika: Purely information. First off, who are you? Why were you on that plane?
Ophid: Name’s Ophid. Political extremist. 
Masika: And what happened during the flight?
Ophid: Coughs. No idea. The plane jerked forward, and then split in half as we crashed toward the ground. 
Jace: And after you crashed?
Ophid: Well, we didn’t really crash. We were caught by someone, and they let my half of the plane down softly. Then this guy on fire came and recruited two of the convicts. 
Jace: Two? I thought there was only one?
Ophid: No, definitely two. There was that Cethan guy, and then that other one… What was his name? Atlas? Albatross? Augur?
Sami: Gasps. No! Augur? He was on that plane?
Ophid: Yeah, but I don’t see what the big deal is. He’s basically the most cowardly person I’ve ever met.
The Outliers turn around to discuss, out of earshot of Ophid. 
Sami: We have a problem. Augur is perhaps one of the most dangerous people in the world, though he may not look it.
Masika: Why would that be?
The view of the panel shifts, as though one was looking through the eyes of Ophid.
Sami: Because he’s an inhuman, with a very interesting and terrifying power. He can look through the eyes of others. He can see what they see. Hear what they hear. All without them knowing he’s in there, looking.
Jace: That’s terrifying.
The scene pulls out of Ophid’s eyes, and Augur stands, with Helios and Calix in front of him. 
Augur: They found Ophid, just as planned. And he told them about me.
Helios: Good, they’ll become paranoid quickly. It’ll slow them down. Time to move to phase two. Calix, get Pandemonium. And the twins. 
Calix: Sure thing.
The scene shifts, to a scene two days later. A scene opens on the streets of Philadelphia, where people are walking on the street talking. Two people stop for hot dogs at a stand, while chatting. 
Person #1: You know, if I were an inhuman, I wouldn’t let anyone else know. I would just stay in the shadows, and not put a target on my back.
Person #2: Not put a target on your back? You’re single! There’s no one to put a target on.
Person #1: What about my family?
Person #2: What, your mother? No one’s going to target a kindergarten teacher.
Person#1: Oh please, you have no idea what you’re talking about—
Suddenly, the ground trembles, and an explosion rings from building overhead, and rubble comes falling down next to the two people. 
Person #2: Shit!
Pandemonium flies out of the building on jet boots, cackling.
Pandemonium: The sky is falling, the sky is falling!!! Hahaha!!!
Pandemonium flies down to the street, and grabs a pedestrian by the coat. They lift them up to a street light, and hang them on the post by their jacket.
Pandemonium: Whoops! Look like the early bird caught the worm! Haha!!!
The scene shifts to Jace’s house, where the Outliers reside. There is chaos as the Outliers rush to get ready.
Jace: Damnit! Suit up! Everyone! There’s only four of us, so no delegation. This is all or nothing!
Masika: Why were we not alerted sooner? Pandemonium is on our watchlist. Why did our scanners not pick him up?!
Sami: It doesn’t matter now. We need to get to Philadelphia, now. 
Jace: Nathan, you ready?
Nathan: Oh please, I was waiting on you girls. Let’s do this thing.
The Outliers each move over to the teleportation node, and place their hand on it.
Jace: 1… 2… 3.
The Outliers teleport out of the room.
They reappear in Philadelphia, on top of a large office building with a pyramid on top. They look around, and then over the edge of the building. 
Nathan: Where’d he go? 
Pandemonium: Hehe, behind you!
Pandemonium appears from the air behind Nathan on jet boots. He knocks him over the edge, and Nathan falls to the ground. Pandemonium flies over the edge, recovering in the air. 
Pandemonium: Who’s gonna catch him?
Jace: No one. He can handle himself.
Nathan increases his density, landing on the ground with a hard thud. He recovers however, and stands.
Nathan: Ouch. A little warning next time?
Jace shoots a blast of water at Pandemonium, who dodges it.
Pandemonium: Ooh, close one!
Masika teleports to the ground, helping Nathan, while Jace and Sami fight Pandemonium. Pandemonium shoots at Jace with his gun, but Sami telekinetically deflects it. Jace fires two water blasts, one after the other. Pandemonium doges the first one, but the second one hits his boot. He goes swirling out of the air, cackling. 
Pandemonium: Woohoo! Woohoohoohoo!!!
Jace: Let’s go join Nathan and Masika.
The scene shifts to Nathan and Masika.
Masika: Are you alright?
Nathan: Yeah, I did just what we practiced. Hard fall though.
Masika: That happens when you fall from a fifty story—
Nathan: Watch out!
Nathan grabs Masika, as a car is thrown at them, and they phase through. 
Masika: What was that?
Nathan looks to the source of the thrown car, surprised. Punch and Jodie stand facing them.
Nathan: You’ve got to be kidding me.
Punch: Miss us? We’ve missed you.
Masika: Friends of yours?
Nathan: We were never close.
Suddenly, Pandemonium lands between Nathan, Masika and Punch, Jodie. He rises, uninjured. 
Jodie: We’ve been waiting for this reunion.
Nathan: Dude, it’s been like a month.
Punch: Yeah, but we all agreed we’d hangout over the summer! Rob a gas station and stuff.
Sami and Jace come running out of the building behind them. 
Jace: Hey, what’s… going on?
Pandemonium: Can’t you tell? It’s a reunion! Me and Black Magic—
Masika: Don’t call me that.
Pandemonium: And these other people!
Nathan: What are all of you doing here?
Punch: Can’t you tell?
Jodie: It’s a team up.
Punch and Jodie (alternating): And. We’re. Going. To. Rock. Your. World.
Jodie pulls out his hammer, and slams it against the ground. A tremor of earth rushes at the Outliers.
The Outliers, Vol. 3, Book 4:
The scene opens on the Outliers in Philadelpia. Jace and Masika slam against a building behind them, As Jodie hits them with his hammer. Nathan phases through Punch’s extendable boxing glove, and Sami levitates a chunk of rubble to block herself from Pandemonium’s fire. 
Jace: Damn, he hits hard.
Masika: Okay, now I’m angry. !sepor htiw mih ezilibommI
A number of blue orbs appear around Masika, which transform into streams of blue light. They wrap around Jodie, immobilizing him in a magical tether. 
Masika: Much better. Who’s next?
They look around, and notice that Punch has been immobilized, pulled into the ground by Nathan. Pandemonium is still fighting Sami, who continues to block his fire, however the piece of rubble is beginning to melt.
Jace: I vote him. 
Jace summons a rush of water, which swarms toward Pandemonium. He is enveloped in the wave, before Jace freezes it, trapping Pandemonium. Sami drops the rubble, and lifts Pandemonium telekinetically into the air, before crashing him into the ground. 
Jace: Well, that worked. 
Sami: We however, have a problem. 
Jace: We do?
Sami: Yes. I could hear it in their minds. They were going easy on us. 
Jace: Why?
Sami: I could not tell. They were resistant to my techniques. Like they had some form of training on how to block my powers.
Masika: Perhaps they wished to be caught?
Sami: Perhaps, but unlikely. Recent news from Admiral Jones spotted Pandemonium and Calix breaking someone out of prison. Why would Pandemonium want to get caught, if he has already been to the prison?
Nathan: It doesn’t make any sense. Punch and Jodie would never—
Suddenly, an alarm rings from Jace’s wrist. Admiral Jones’ voice sounds from the source. 
Admiral Jones: Jace, are you there? Calix has recently been spotted in New York. 
Jace:…Really? We’re in Philadelphia right now. We just apprehended Pandemonium and couple of cronies.
Punch: We ain’t no cronies!
Admiral Jones: We are aware of the situation. It seems oddly coincidental that Calix appears at the same time as your domestic disturbances. We are sending assistance to Philadelphia now. 
Jace: Thank you. I will head to New York with one of the Outliers. 
Admiral Jones: I hope it goes well. 
Admiral Jones cuts out of the receiver. Jace nods at Sami. 
Jace: Want to come? 
Sami: It’d be my pleasure.
The scene shifts to a bird’s eye view of the pair. They reach the node on the roof, and teleport to Manhattan. The scene zooms out, and the bird flies off. 
Augur: The plan is in motion. Riptide is bringing Guardian with him, as planned.
Helios: And the other two?
Augur: Still in Philadelphia. 
Helios: Perfect. We’ll have them spread so thin they won’t know where to start. Meet Calix in Manhattan. Time for your reunion with Sami.
Augur: And in the meantime, what will you do?
Helios: There is one more distraction to attend to.
Helios walks out of the door into a hallway. There is a window at the end. He turns, looks at it, and then flies straight through the hall, crashing through the window. He blazes upward, into the sky. 
The scene returns to Sami and Jace, who have just appeared in New York City, inside Grand Central Station. 
Jace: So, where is he? 
Suddenly, a tether shoots at Sami, wrapping around her leg. It retracts, and she is pulled across the atrium before the tether releases, sending her flying. 
Jace: Sami!
Sami wraps herself in a ball of telekinetic energy before she collides with the wall. She bounces to the ground, before letting go of the orb. Her powers strained, she struggles to rise. Everyone inside the station screams, and begin to run to exits and trains. Chaos ensues. 
Jace: Everyone out!
He looks around, trying to spot the source of the tether: Calix. Th panel shows him behind one of the columns in the station, watching the commotion.
Sami: In Jace’s mind. Don’t worry, I’ll guide them out. You focus on Calix.
Jace continues to look around, as the chaos continues. Just as a grapple shoots towards Jace, he notices Calix. Jace summons an orb of water, which wraps around the end of the tether, blocking its attachment. Jace pulls the tether on his own, and Calix comes flying at him. Jace slashes at him with a blast of water, and Calix is pushed away as the room begins to clear, leaving Sami, Jace, and Calix mostly alone.
Jace: Sami! Let’s move this outside.
Calix: Not so fast.
Calix presses a button, and then wires spring from the entrances, enclosing them. 
Calix: I don’t think so. I’d prefer you locked in here, with us. 
Jace: Us?
Sami: Looking around. He’s not alone. 
Augur: Walking out of the only open entrance. No, he’s not.
Sami: No… Jace, we need to get out of here, now.
Jace: We can’t let them escape. 
Sami: It’s too dangerous. If Augur looks you in the eyes—
Jace: Well then I won’t let him look me in the eyes.
Jace rips off a portion of his suit, which had been torn in the fight with Pandemonium. He wraps it around his eyes, as a blindfold.
Sami: Jace, what are you—
Jace: Don’t worry about it. I’ve had practice.
Calix: A blindfold? You apply a handicap to yourself? You make this too easy. 
Jace: Try me.
The panel shifts to Jace’s point of view. It is mostly black, with distinct blue aura’s where Calix, Sami, and Augur are. A burst of blue appears, which moves toward the figure of Calix. Calix’s figure moves around it, as Sami and Augur close in on each other. Calix’s figure motions, and a wall of blue appears in front of Jace. It disappears into a stream, which hits the now larger figure of Calix, and blasts it back. The scene pulls out of Jace’s vision, and centers on Sami and Augur.
Augur: Long time no see.
Sami: I did my best to keep you out. I can’t let you see my life.
Augur: You’re the only one who’s ever been resistant to me.
Sami: I’ve trapped you in my mind. Built a barrier around the part of you inside of me.
Augur: Clever. Let’s see if you can keep it up.
Augur looks Sami in the eyes, and a cone of telekintetic energy begins to form around the pair. In the background, Jace continues to fight Calix, blindfolded. He begins to wrap himself in water, forming a layer of armor around himself. It freezes, and Jace is covered in a giant exoskeleton, impenetrable by Calix’s attacks.
Calix: You’ve learned some new moves in the past few weeks.
Jace; I’ve been meaning to try this one out.
Jace jumps at Calix, landing with a splash of ice. He is knocked over, and goes rolling on the floor, hitting the wall.
Calix: Ouch. But you still gotta do better than that.
Calix fires a harpoon through the suit’s shoulder. He slingshots to Jace, kicking off a chunk of ice. Jace turns in the suit, attempting to reach behind him, where Calix has latched on.
Jace: Fine, have it your way.
The suit turns to water, and surrounds Calix, as Jace turns within the body. 
Calix: Perfect.
Calix releases an electric shock from his body. It carries through the water, electrifying Jace. The hydraulic body shakes as Jace jerks, before the water entirely separates and Jace falls to the floor.
Calix: Almost too easy.
Augur and Sami continue their telepathic fight.
The scene opens on a building in the middle of a city on the west coast. It looks like a mental health institution. The panel opens on the halls of the place, which look clean and sophisticated. There are windows lining the walls, and the floors are a golden wood. The rest of the walls are white. A nurse walks to one of the doors on the side of the wall. She opens it, and walks in.
Nurse: Good morning, Ryan. How are we feeling today?
Ryan: Fine.
Nurse: Are you ready for social interaction?
Ryan: No.
Nurse: Ryan, it’s important to—
Suddenly, The back wall of the cell bursts open. Helios levitates there, having torn off the wall. 
Helios: Good morning, nurse. Don’t worry, I’ll take care of him from now on. 
The Outliers, Vol. 3, Book 5:
The scene opens on Sami and Augur, engaged in telepathic combat. Calix walks up, Jace on his shoulder. He sets him next to a column in the background, and binds him to it. Calix then walks over to the fight.
Calix: Want some help, Augur?
Augur: No, this is my fight!
Sami quickly darts her eyes at Calix, and then they revert back to Augur. She quickly swipes her hand, and a blast of telekinetic force hits Calix in the chest. He is knocked back onto his butt. 
Calix: Ooh, she’s a feisty one. 
Calix aim his arm at Sami, preparing to shoot his darts at her. 
Augur: I said no, Calix!
Calix fires anyway, and the dart’s ricochet off of the telekinetic cone. 
Augur: Nothing you can do will work right now!
The scene enters the minds of Augur and Sami. The two of them appear floating above an abandoned market place in the heart of Cairo.
Sami: You’re done with, Augur.
Augur: not so fast, little girl. 
Augur flies at Sami, and hits her across the face. Sami summons a number of scimitars around her, which fly one after the other at Augur. He raises a shield before him, which deflect the swords. He begins to grow larger, towering above the buildings below. He marches toward Sami, and hits her with the back of his hand, sending her smashing against the side of a building. Sami rises, and begins to float in the air again.
Sami: Now you’ve done it.
Sami copies herself within the metaphysical realm, which each go slashing at the weak points along Augur’s giant form. He yells, falling, forced to take a knee. He begins to shrink, but still not to normal size. He moves his hands to the side, and two large blue swords appear in either hand. He slashes at Sami, but she flies around, dodging. A long halberd appears in her left hand, and telepathic energy forms on her right hand.
Sami: Let’s do this.
Sami and Augur clash in their telepathic fight.
The scene opens on Nathan and Masika, watching the transfer of Punch, Jodie, and Pandemonium. 
Guard: Where is the rest of your crew?
Masika: Dealing with another situation in New York. 
Guard: We’ll be done with this soon.
Masika: Thank you.
Guard. Certainly. But first—
The guard punches Masika in the face. 
Nathan: What the hell?
They look around, to find themselves surrounded by the guards.
Guard: We can’t let you leave.
Nathan: What?! We didn’t do anything—
Masika: Nathan! Someone’s here. Controlling them. Forcing them to forget!
Nathan: How do you know?
Masika: Look closely. There’s a cloud of dust around them. It’s causing them to forget their duty, their purpose for being here.
Nathan: Looking around. Who’s doing it?
Masika: I have no idea. And I can’t risk fighting it… Who knows what the cloud is?
Nathan continues to look around, and notices a woman sitting on a bench, staring at them. Her eyes glint gold. 
Nathan: I have an idea who it is. Masika, do your best to fight the cloud and protect the guards. I’ll distract whoever’s controlling it.
Masika: Wait, Nathan—
Nathan: Now!
Nathan flies at the woman on the bench, jumping sideways with high density and instantly lowering it. Masika sighs, and then summons a whirlwind around her, sucking up the dust and distracting the guards. The woman on the bench stands, her eyes glowing gold. Not noticing Nathan, she thrusts out her hand, and begins to emit spores, just as Nathan crashes into her. She is sent back, falling onto the ground. 
Spore: Took you long enough. I’ve been waiting to play.
Her eyes flash gold, and the guards in the dust turn towards Masika. They charge at her, and Masika, caught off guard, jumps back, and creates a golden rope right before the group charges her.
Spore: Now, are you going to fight me, or save your friend? Or an even better question, which friend will you save?
Nathan: What do you mean? 
Spore: As we speak, Riptide is fighting Calix, and losing. Guardian will as well. Your friend over there is about to be over run.
A view of Masika shows her fighting off the horde: The golden rope seems to have a mind of its own, wrapping around the guards and throwing them to the sides. 
Spore: Not to mention the friend you left out. Ryan.
Nathan: What? Where’s Ryan?
Spore: Our leader has him. Helios. And there’s not enough of you to save them all.
Nathan: Yeah? Well, then I’ll do my best.
Nathan runs at Spore. She laughs, and sends a blast of spores at Nathan. He sinks into the ground, dodging them, and reappears right beneath Spore’s feet. He lifts her, punching her into the air. She rises, and begins to fall. Nathan prepares to hit her with both hands. He does, and she goes flying to the side, smashing into the building. He charges after her, almost instantaneous as he dashes with suddenly decreasing mass. He holds her by the head, and begins to sink her into the wall, decreasing her mass. Meanwhile, Masika is being overrun. The guards are punching and kicking Masika, and her magic falters.
Nathan: Release them. The guards.
Spore: Or what?
Nathan: Or I’ll sink you into the wall, and leave you to suffocate in the concrete.
Spore: You wouldn’t.
Nathan: Try me.
He begins to sink her head into the wall. First her hair goes in, then her ears. Nathan continues to push as Spore screams. He pushes, until only her eyes, mouth, and nose show.
Spore: Wait, wait! I’ll do it!
Nathan pulls her out.
Nathan: Do it. Now.
Spore breaths heavily. Her eyes flash gold, and the cloud around the guards disappear, Just as Masika is getting choking by a guard.
Nathan: Good job. 
He knocks Spore in the head, and Spore falls to the ground, unconscious. The guard choking Masika lets go, confused. 
Guard: What, what happened?
Masika: We just got into a little scuffle. She punches him across the face, and he falls off of her.
The rest of the guards remain confused as to what had just happened. Masika stands, and walks toward Nathan. Nathan does the same, carrying Spore. 
Masika: That was terrifyingly fun.
Nathan: Were you just being… sarcastic?
Masika: glares at Nathan. Yes.
Nathan: Ah…anyway, we have a new problem. 
Masika: And that might be?
Nathan: Helios has Ryan. 
Masika: Helios?
Nathan: I thought you might know of him. I’ve never heard the name.
Masika: All I know is the God of the Sun. Nothing else.
Nathan: Strange. Pointing at Spore. This one said he was their leader.
Masika: Well then that leaves one option. We have to save Ryan.
Nathan: Then what do we do with these guys? We can’t just leave them here. 
Masika: I’ve actually been working on that. I’ve created a pocket dimension, which can temporarily hold super villains until better arrangements can be made. 
Masika steps forward, and raises her hand. Her eyes glow purple, and a flowing ball of gold and purple light grows before their eyes. She motions, and the orb envelops the prisoners. She closes the portal.
Masika: The panel centers on Masika’s determined eyes. Now let’s go save Ryan.
 
The Outliers Vol. 3, Book 6:
The scene opens on Nathan and Masika, outside of Jace’s Seattle house. 
Nathan: How did you know Ryan would be here?
Masika: Intuition. Mixed with a little bit of magic. Masika holds up a vial with a piece of hair in it. Tracking spell. Give me some DNA, and I’ll likely be able to find the person, unless they are cloaked. I have vials for every member of the Outliers, including you. Masika puts the vial back in her bag.
Nathan: Thanks, I guess.
Masika: Don’t mention it.
They walk up to the door of the house. 
Nathan: What’s the plan?
Masika: I have no idea.
Masika opens the door, and they walk in. The house has not changed, except for the figure of Ryan sitting tied in a chair before them. Helios stands near him, his back turned to the door.
Helios: I knew you’d come soon. But you are still too late. The Outliers are over. 
Nathan: Who are you? What do you want with us?
Helios: I want nothing to do with you. You are simply in my way. 
Masika: What do you mean?
Helios: Since your discovery at the hands of Kastor, I knew your team would never let me follow through with my ascension.
Nathan: Ascension?
Helios: To the top of the world order. I am better, stronger than anyone else. 
Masika: You will be stopped, Helios.
Helios: I don’t think so. You see, I am a god. I am unstoppable. And even with your magic, and your powers, I can defeat you both. But I will not. I prefer entertainment. 
Helios turns, and places his hand on Ryan’s back. Ryan screams out in pain, and begins to transform. He begins to grow in size, and hair sprouts all over him as he turns into wolf form. Ryan roars, and charges at Masika and Nathan. Masika dodges out of the way, while Nathan stands his ground. 
Nathan: I got him!
Ryan crashes into Nathan, and they fly through the wall behind him, into the street. The house repairs itself, as Masika turns towards Helios.  
Masika: Now it’s just you and me. 
Helios: I still don’t think so. I don’t get my hands dirty unless I need to. You may have taken out my team in Philadelphia—frankly I underestimated their effectiveness and their loyalty to the cause—but I don’t leave loose ends. 
Helios turns, and points his arm at the chest in the corner. Masika’s eyes widen.
Masika: No…
Helios prepares to blast the lock off of the chest, before a blast of blue light hits him from the side. 
Masika: Don’t you dare open that. Do you know how long it took me to get her in there?
Helios: Fine. So be it. You want to fight me? Come get me.
Helios summons a sword of fire in his right hand, and points it at Masika.
The scene returns to Sami, fighting Augur. They appear in the telepathic plane, engaged in battle. Sami flies around a giant version of Augur, who wields two large swords, while Sami carries a halberd. She blasts him with telepathic energy, but he tanks through it, in his giant form. He slices at her, but she dodges, maneuvering faster than he can change direction. Angry, Augur yells, and brings his blades together. He slams them into the ground, and a shockwave passes through their minds. In the real world, Sami is pushed back a little, losing her ground against Augur. 
Sami: No…
Augur: You’re losing, little girl.
Calix: Finish this, so we can return to Helios. I’m sure the others have been captured by now.
Sami: NO!!!
Within their minds, Sami dodges a few more swipes from Augur, and the uppercuts him in the head. His giant figure stumbles back, before settling.
Augur: Fine, have it your way.
Augur’s giant figure splits into a million pieces, creating a raging storm, which swirls around Sami’s figure. She yells, and covers her face. Purple telepathic energy surrounds her, protecting her from the onslaught. 
Sami: It’s time to end this.
The power swirls around her, and explodes from within, pushing the storm away, and obliterating the pieces of Augur. In the physical world, a telekinetic blast echoes throughout the station, as Sami breaks eyesight with Augur. He stumbles, and the telekinetic cocoon surrounding them breaks, and Calix rises.
Calix: Finally, now we can have an actual fight.
Calix fires an electric shock at Sami, who summons a shield, almost too late. It reflects back to a wall on the side of the room. 
Augur: You’re spent, Guardian. Your time is over. You’re exhausted. 
Calix: Meanwhile, I’m rested. Ready. How long can you last against me?
Sami continues to deflect his electric shocks. Calix fires tethers at a bench on the side of the room, and throws it at Sami. She catches it telekinetically, with great discomfort. Sami moves it to the side, and let’s go, exhausted.
Calix: Hmph. Not much longer now.
Calix continues to fire shocks at Sami.
The scene returns to Masika and Helios, in the middle of a fight. Helios slashes at her with his sword, but she parries with her staff. Masika rushes at him with her staff, hitting every part of him, but he absorbs the energy of each impact. He kicks her away, before throwing glowing flames at her. Masika spins her staff in front of her, forming a shield of air before her. The fire splits to the side, and collides with the walls of the house, lighting them on fire. Helios rushes forward, and grabs Masika by the head. He flies upward, and they crash through the top of the house. He stops the arch, and they fly back to the ground, where Nathan and Ryan continue to fight. Masika breaks off of Helios, and she plummets to the ground. Masika summons a shield around herself, and as she hits the ground, she bounces a few times, before colliding into a tree, where the shell breaks. Helios lands before her. To their side, Ryan and Nathan continue to fight.
Helios: You will never win. Your team is over. Your dominance over the world will end, and mine will rise. Riptide and Guardian should be dead by now. Assuming, of course, Calix and Augur did as they were told. Unlike some of my other accomplices. 
Masika:  I wouldn’t count on them being dead.
Helios: Haha, you underestimate the power of teamwork.
Masika: Actually, I don’t think I have. 
Helios looks at Masika suspiciously. 
Masika: We have friends too.
Masika stands and twists her staff. An Arc of energy blasts at Helios.
The scene returns to Sami. She falls to the ground, on her knees. Calix fires another shot of electricity at her, and she shakes, yelling.
Sami: Ahhh!!!
Calix: Too easy. Take care of the leader, and the others follow along.
Augur: I may have had something to do with it. 
Calix: Perhaps. 
Augur: Gotta give credit where it’s due.
Calix prepares another shock, as Augur walks over to Jace. He lifts up his lulling head, and Jace begins to wake. 
Augur: Wakey wakey… Time to look into my eyes.
Sami: Leave him be!
Sami pushes with her hand, but only a small burst of force comes out, before another shock hits her. 
Calix: You’re all alone. Nobody to save you now.
Calix shocks Sami, and her vision begins to block out. Jace’s eyes begin to flicker. Sami looks over, just as Augur is about to look into Jace’s newly widened eyes.
Sami: No… Jace…
Suddenly, a burst of earth hits Augur from below, and he flies into the air, smashing into the ceiling before falling and returning to the ground, unconscious. Calix looks over, and quickly fires two tethers at an unknown entrant into the fight. They are blocked by a chunk of earth that rises from the ground. Suddenly, vines grab Calix from behind, and he is pulled into the wall on the back of the room, before he too drops to the ground, unconscious. Vines begin to crawl around him, and he slowly sinks into the ground of the station. A figure moves toward Jace, and they call out.
Voice: Go! Help her, help her!!!
Voice: On it!
A female figure kneels before Sami.
Voice: It’s alright, I got you. Just hold on, hold on…
Sami passes out.
 
The Outliers, Vol. 3, Book 7:
Sami opens her eyes, and before her stands June and Lukas. Jace sits on a chair before them, and Lukas is kneeling before him, tending to his wounds.
June: Good morning, sunshine. 
Sami: What happened? Where is Augur? Calix?
Lukas: They’ve been taken care of, for the time being. 
June: In other words, Lukas put them in a cave 60 feet under the ground. 
Sami begins to stand, but falls back down to the ground.
June: Whoa, steady. You’ve been through a lot. 
Sami: We need to get back to… Nathan… Masika…
Lukas and June look at each other, worried. 
Jace: What was that look? What do you two know?
Lukas: Sighs. Nathan and Masika were the ones who called us here. They were supposed to contact us once they saved… Lukas trails off.
Jace: Saved?
Sami: Ryan. He’s avoiding saying it out of fear of hurting you.
Jace: Surprised. Oh…
June: They’ve yet to contact us.
Jace: Well then what are we waiting for? We have to save Nathan and Masika! And… Ryan…
June: You two are in no shape to travel. 
Jace: Look, I will do anything to save my friends, and if that means fighting you, I will.
June: Don’t you go there with me, you—
Lukas: He’s right, June. We have to save them.
June: Of course you’d take his side. Irritated. Lukas glares at her.
Jace: So that’s it? We’re going?
June: Fine. Let’s all go die for these people I’ve never met.
Sami: Actually, you’ve met Nathan before.
The four of them walk over to the teleportation node, and place their hands on it. Space bends, and they disappear from the terminal.
The scene opens on the teleporter in Jace’s house. Space bends, and Jace, Sami, June, and Lukas appear in the vicinity. As they do, Masika slams through the wall of the house, landing before them.
Masika: Finally. Care to help? This guy hits hard.
Helios walks through the door to the house.
Helios: Do you wish to share your friend’s fate?
Jace: That’s not part of the plan!
Jace shoots a blast of water at Helios, but he deflects it.
Helios: You’re going to have to try harder than that. Plus, why fight me? Shouldn’t you be saving your close personal friend?
Jace: Ryan…
Sami: Go! We’ll hold Helios off!
Jace nods, and exits the house. The rest of them turn towards Helios. Lukas summons a number of boulders which are hurled at Helios, who blasts them to rubble. Sami shields the others from the backlash, and June surrounds herself in bark armor. 
Returning to the outside, Nathan continues to tank Ryan’s blows. Nathan punches him, and Ryan is pushed back. Ryan growls at Nathan, who is breathing heavily. Ryan lunges at Nathan, before Nathan is pushed out of the way by Jace. Ryan slashes Jace across the arm, and Nathan yells. Jace lunges at Ryan, and he is pushed back telekinetically, yelping as he lands.
Nathan: No! Jace! I could’ve tanked that!
Jace: You’re tired Nate, I could tell. He would’ve hurt you, bad. And I won’t let him do that.
Jace points with his other hand, and water rises from the ground, twisting around Ryan’s wolf form. Jace ceases the action, as Ryan is encased in binds of water. Jace sighs, and his eyes glow blue. Ryan’s form shifts, and a groan comes from his limp body. He reverts to human form, unconscious.
Nathan: What did you just do?
Jace: Something I learned a while back. Now let’s go help everyone else.
Nathan and Jace run back to the house. Inside, Helios fights the rest of the group.
Helios: This is a joke. Nothing any of you can do affects me. 
Masika: Noticing Nathan and Jace. There’s nothing we can do! He absorbs everything we throw at him!
Helios chuckles. The entire team is attacking him, but to no avail. Their physical attacks hit him before stopping as he absorbs their kinetic energy, and Masika’s energy blasts swirl around Helios as he absorbs them. Jace hits him with bursts of water, which do little except turn to steam as they hit. Nathan looks down.
Nathan: Jace, what are you doing? The floor is wet.
Jace: Is that important right now?
Helios sends a wave of fire at June, but Jace summons a wall of water in front of her, absorbing the impact.
Nathan: Yes, actually, it is. 
Nathan runs at Helios, who is taken by surprise at the oncoming charge. He prepares for impact, but Nathan phases through him, and crashes into a door on his other side. It cracks, and water begins to burst from the scene. Jace, realizing what’s happing, yells to the others. 
Jace: Nathan, you’re a genius. Everyone out, now!
Masika: Why—oh.
The door bursts open, and a flood of water envelops the room. Jace motions, and it swirls around Helios, who is caught in the waters. Lukas raises his arms, and Chunks of earth rise in front of the Outliers, blocking them from flooding.
Lukas: Sorry Jace, but we’re all in this together. 
Jace: Fine!
The water begins to freeze as Jace commands it. Helios begins to slow, as the ice catches his motions. Sami and Masika are helping Jace control the waves coming from the door. Helios yells, his voice muffled by the water.
Helios: Fine, have it your way!
Helios begins to glow, as an outburst of energy explodes from within him. The surrounding water evaporates into a cloud of steam, and a glowing yellow figure can be seen in the middle. The Outliers are knocked back by the sudden expansion of the water. They rise, looking into the cloud. The steam settles, and Helios stands before them. However, he looks much different. Instead of the dark skin and red fire emanating from him, His skin is blaring white, and yellow/white light pours from him. 
Helios: So be it. Your world will burn.
Helios disappears in a flash of blinding light. The Outliers stand, rushing to where he was.
Jace: We have to stop him!
Suddenly, Sami calls out to Jace.
Sami: Jace! Nathan. He…he needs your help. I, I don’t know—
Jace looks over, and Nathan is lying on the ground, unconscious. He rushes over, kneeling next to Sami.
Jace: What’s wrong? Why, why is he—
Sami: The, the flood… He couldn’t get out of the way fast enough…
Sami pauses, crying.
Sami: I could hear him, screaming… In his mind…
Jace takes a deep breath, and holds his hands over Nathan’s body. He begins to motion, and water starts to seep out from Nathan’s nose and mouth. Jace makes a final motion, and all the water rises from Nathan. Jace throws it across the room. Jace begins CPR, but Nathan doesn’t move. 
Jace: Come on, come on Nathan…
CPR continues.
Jace: Come on, don’t give up… I need you. I need you to get through this, to come back…
CPR continues, as Jace gets frustrated.
Jace: Nathan! Don’t let me lose you too! I can’t! I can’t…
Jace stops the CPR, and Nathan lies on the ground, motionless. Jace stands and turns away. Sami remains next to Nathan. Jace walks over to the rest of the group.
June: Jace—
Jace: Don’t. It’s my fault.
June: No, it’s not—
Suddenly, a deep breath comes from Nathan, and he begins to cough. Nathan sits up, slowly, as Jace rushes back over to him.
Jace: Nathan!
Nathan: Jeez, I didn’t realize you cared for me that much.
Jace: Of course I do.
Nathan: Well that’s sweet and all, but we have more important matters to discuss, like Helios.
Jace: What about him? He’s gone. Probably planning his next attack, or recruiting.
Nathan: No, he’s not. We need to stop him, once and for all. And I know where he is.
 
The Outliers, Vol. 3, Book 8:
The scene opens on the Outliers, standing inside the ruins of Jace’s house. 
Masika: You know where Helios is? How?
Nathan: It, it’s hard to explain. When I was unconscious, I saw a vision, of Matt.
Jace: You saw Matt?
Nathan: Yes, and he showed me what we have to do. It won’t be easy.
June: Wait, who’s Matt?
Lukas: Matt is—was, a prophet. He could see the future.
Jace: And he used to be my best friend, until he…
The room falls silent.
June: Alright, I think I get the point. So how do we stop the fire god?
Nathan: With a little help from our friend, Admiral Jones. Nathan points to the teleporter, which is beaten, but still functional.
Masika: And how will he help us?
Nathan: His department has something we need.
The Outliers move toward the node, except for Sami, who stops Jace before he leaves.
Sami: Jace, we have a problem. 
Jace: What?
Sami: Nathan isn’t lying. He truly believes he saw Matt. But, there’s something else. Nathan…He was dead. 
Jace: What do you mean?
Sami: While you were giving him CPR, I was reading his mind, scanning for consciousness. Jace, there was nothing there. Nathan was gone. He was dead.
Jace: Then how—
Sami: I don’t know. 
Jace and Sami look at each other, curious, before walking over to the teleporter to meet the others.
The scene shifts to Helios. He flies above the earth, glowing white. 
Helios: I’ve underestimated them. For my plan to succeed, I need to be stronger, better… 
Helios looks toward the sun. He changes back into his darkened form, and the sunlight seems to gravitate toward him.
Helios: The sun has sustained me for long enough. I need a new power source, a stronger one. One I can get close to. 
Helios looks toward the earth. 
Helios: Nuclear reactors. A nearly unlimited supply of energy, but at a great cost to life. They should not exist. They destroy this world, my world. Yet, how ironic it is that they are to become the next source for my power.
Helios changes his flight path, and in the distance, two large, concrete towers are seen, surrounded by mountains.
The scene changes to the Outliers, who are talking with Admiral Jones.
Admiral Jones: You want us to do what?
Nathan: We need access to the nuclear reactor near Hollow Top Mountain in Montana.
Admiral Jones: I would if I could, but that doesn’t exist. I’m sorry.
Jace: Don’t lie to us, we know it’s there.
Admiral Jones: And where exactly did you come by this information?
Nathan: I…Saw it. 
Admiral Jones looks worried.
Admiral Jones: I cannot permit you access to the mountain. I’m sorry. Even if what you say is true, about this Helios, it cannot change the fact that there is no reason for you to be there.
Masika: Fine, have it your way. We will save the world, with or without your help.
Masika turns away and waves her hand. A portal appears before them, and the Outliers turn to face it. 
Admiral Jones: I’m sorry Ms. Nuru, but I cannot allow that either. 
Masika turns toward Jones. 
Masika: You cannot stop us.
Admiral Jones: Hollow Top Mountain is a black site. You are not permitted to go there. So yes, I will stop you. 
Suddenly, a set of three people drop in front of the portal. One is a pale woman with black eyes dressed in white and black, with silvery hair. A second is a good-looking Latin man with dark hair and a beard, who wears a gray and black uniform. The third is unlike the other two: It is a large mechanic golem, which appears to be entirely self-driven.
Admiral Jones: Meet Atmos, Conduit, and Golem. I’m sure you all will become the best of friends. 
Atmos floats into the air, and her black eyes glow blue around the edges, as if they were charged with lightning. A strong gust of wind develops in the room, which batters the Outliers, pushing them away from the portal. Conduit places his hand on the ground, and his skin begins to change, becoming stone like, as if he were made of concrete. Golem stands on guard, ready for the battle. The Outliers shift back, buffeted by the windstorm. Many of them summon shields, which they hide behind, protecting them. Lukas yells, and covers himself in a layer of earth, forming a large humanoid figure. He charges at Golem, who charges back at Lukas. They meet in the middle, and clash. Golem’s hands morph into blades, and Lukas creates hammers out of his hands. 
Jace: Huh. Not a bad idea.
Jace summons water and forms a body around himself as well, much like during his fight with Calix. He charges at Golem and Lukas, joining in the fight with a large sword made out of ice. 
June: I guess that leaves us to get the rest.
June jumps from behind her cover, sprinting toward Atmos. Atmos directs the wind at her, pulling boxes into the airstream. They fly at June, but she simply jumps off of them with her light feet. She rises toward Atmos, jumping from box to box, before kicking her in the face. Atmos stumbles, and the hurricane ceases. Nathan, Sami, and Masika escape from their cover. Masika goes with June to fight Atmos, leaving Nathan and Sami with Conduit. Conduit walks towards them. Nathan steps forward.
Nathan: I got this. 
Nathan steps forward, and punches Conduit. Conduit tanks the hit, his dense body barely moving. Conduit returns the punch, and Nathan falls back.
Nathan: Never mind, I don’t got this.
Sami telekinetically begins to throw objects at Conduit, who is forced to parry or tank them while fight Nathan in hand-to-hand combat. June continues her onslaught on Atmos while airborne. Atmos releases an outward blast of wind from herself, pushing June away.  Masika runs toward Atmos, and fires a spell at June along the way.
Masika: !reh wolS
June slows in her descent, to a near standstill. Masika pulls out her staff, and hits Atmos with it. June recovers, and returns to the fight. Nathan and Conduit exchange blows, both of whom continue to increase their respective densities. Sami pulls out her scimitar, and sends it at Conduit. Conduit catches both Nathan’s oncoming punch, and the scimitar. He looks at it, and begins to absorb the Damascus steel. His skin changes to a silver color. 
Nathan: Shit. 
Conduit grabs Nathan by the body, and lifts him over his head before throwing him. Masika and June continue to fight Atmos. She jumps away from their attacks, floating in the air. Her eyes spark, and she points at Masika.
Atmos: Your fight is over, Arcanus.
A blast of lightning shoots at Masika. who rolls out of the way. Sami looks over as the lightning blasts continue to plague June and Masika. Sami’s voice rings in Nathan’s minds.
Sami: Nathan! The lightning!
Nathan looks over, and responds telepathically.
Nathan: Got it! 
Nathan runs at Conduit. He dodges a punch, phases through him and turns, placing him in a headlock. 
Nathan: Masika!
Masika looks over, and immediately understands. 
Sami: Nathan, get ready to phase!
Masika throws a ball of fire at Atmos, who brushes it aside with a burst of wind. She responds with a blast of lightning. Masika summons a shield in front of her, absorbing the bolt. She holds it in the shield, before deflecting it toward Nathan.
Sami: Now!
Conduit struggles as Nathan turns him in the headlock. The lightning hits conduit dead on, just as Nathan phases and jumps away. Conduit screams, and falls to the ground. Atmos, caught surprised by the deflection, hesitates, just as June jumps on her. June wraps her legs around Atmos’s body, and twists. They fall to the ground, and Atmos slams into the floor, with June on top of her. 
June: Alright, who’s next?
Jace and Lukas continue to exchange blows with Golem. Golem slashes at Lukas’s arm, which cracks off. Lukas uppercuts Golem, which is sent flying back. Jace’s form turns and lifts its sword. It turns into a spear, and Jace throws it, impaling the Golem in the chest, pinning it down. The Outliers return to Admiral Jones, with the forms of Jace and Lukas shrinking as they approach.
Masika: Next time, it’d be easier to just help us.
Admiral Jones looks dumbfounded. Masika waves her hand, and the portal reappears. The Outliers step into it, disappearing into the void.
 
The Outliers, Vol. 3, Book 9:
The scene opens on the nuclear reactor in Hollow Top Mountain. It is a wide area, surrounded by mountains. A portal appears, and out step the Outliers. They look around.
Nathan: If this is a black site, why is it not more hidden? It’s not exactly in the most conspicuous of places.
Sami: Look around. Do you see those pillars? 
Nathan: Yeah, what about them?
Masika: Look closer. At the sky. 
The Outliers look up, and it can be seen that the site is surrounded by a dome of hexes, cloaking the reactor.
Nathan: It’s being cloaked. 
Sami: Exactly.
The Outliers continue on. They walk into the base, yet are met with no opposition.
Jace: This can’t be right. Where are the people?
Sami: There…aren’t any. Not nearby, anyway.
Nathan: Do you think Helios… killed them all?
Lukas: No. There’s no marks of a fight, no remains. No ash. There was never anyone here.
Jace: What say you, June?
June looks toward the sky, and the air is suddenly filled with whispers as she speaks.
June: Speak to me.
A bird flies down from the sky, and a squirrel comes bounding toward her. Grass grows suddenly beneath her feet. June looks at her new companions, and speaks with them. She turns back toward the Outliers.
June: They say that few people ever come here. Once a month, there is a small convoy, that brings supplies, but otherwise no life enters or exits the site.
Masika: Strange…
June: There is something else. The plants… There is a barrier that they cannot cross. Their roots surround the base, but are unable to get any closer, or they will die. Something dangerous lies within, and I’m afraid it may be what Helios is after.
Jace: If Helios can absorb energy—
June: Then he may be trying to absorb the source of this reactor. It would make him nearly unstoppable.
Jace: Then we have to go before it is too late.
The Outliers plunge further into the base.
The scene opens on Helios, 10 minutes earlier. He lowers from the sky. Helios looks around the base, but no one is there. 
Helios: This place is empty, yet there is a great power here. An energy source, almost as powerful as the sun itself… What could it be?
Helios approaches the wall of the base. He blasts it open, and walks inside. A series of panels show Helios traversing through the halls, and down multiple sets of stairs. Finally, he comes to a locked metal door, labelled “DO NOT OPEN: EXTREME HAZARD AREA.” Helios attempts to open the door, only to find it locked. He places his hand on the door and changes his form to that of the glowing white and yellow man. The door melts to his touch, and he steps through it, leaving a hole where he passed through. He steps into a large, cavernous room, in the center of which lies a metal bunker. He moves towards it. He reaches the door to the bunker, which has a small window in the middle. He looks inside. At first, nothing appears. But suddenly, a humanoid figure steps into view, yet they do not appear human. They glow orange and white, as if they were made of energy, and no features can be seen on them except for eyes, which take the shape of orange/red slits on the head of the person. The figure turns toward the window, curious, and the eyes come into view. 
Atomic Man: Who are you?
Helios: I am Helios.
Atomic Man: And what are you doing here?
Helios: I have come for the source of this reactor.
Atomic Man: You’ve come… for me?
Helios: It appears so.
Helios begins to turn the handle to the door. 
Atomic Man: No, don’t open that! I must stay here, I can’t be released—
Helios: I can feel it… Your energy. 
Helios continues to turn the handle.
Atomic Man: No, please, you don’t understand, I—
The door opens, and Helios is buffeted with pure energy, forcing him into his absorption state and staggering him backwards. 
Atomic Man: Please, get away from me, you don’t know what you’re doing—
Helios raises his hand, walking towards the Atomic Man. The energy emitting from the Atomic Man bends towards Helios as he absorbs it, and Helios makes a face of pure ecstasy. 
Helios: This is perfect. It’s better than I could have ever imagined… Pure energy. A limitless source! I will be unstoppable!
Suddenly, a large chunk of earth hits Helios, causing the absorption to stop. Caught off guard, Helios is knocked to the side, as the Outliers enter. 
Jace: Lukas! Masika! Make sure that door stays shut!
Masika waves her hand, and the door shuts. Lukas motions with closed fists, and a chunk of stone rises in front of the door, blocking it. Masika and Lukas stand next to the bunker, prepared to defend it.
Masika: Start putting up barricades. We have to keep him out.
Lukas: On it. 
Lukas motions, and begins to traverse around the bunker on a wave of earth, reinforcing the walls with stone as he passes by. Masika turns around, and raises her hands.
Masika: !mrah morf ecalp siht tcetorP!
Runes appear on the enchanted earth, protecting it. The rest of the Outliers begin to fight Helios. Jace summons a number of waves at Helios, who dodges them from side to side. June pulls out a sling.
June: Lukas!
Lukas looks over. He notices June, and summons a pile of small round stones at her feet.
June: Thanks!
June begins to pelt Helios with stones. He flies higher to avoid them, but Nathan jumps into the air at Helios, and grabs onto his foot. Nathan greatly increases his density, making Helios slow his descent. Angered, Helios begins to emit more energy, until he is in his white and gold state. 
Helios: Fools! I will destroy you!
Helios releases a huge blast of energy. Sami forms a telekinetic orb around Helios, containing the blast. He is pulled to the ground, and Jace summons water around him.
Jace: I think it’s time to cool off. 
The water freezes around Helios. He releases even more energy, but as the ice melts, Jace freezes it again, in a constant state of reflux. 
Jace: Got him. Sami, keep helping me. Nathan, June, find out what’s in that room!
Nathan and June join Lukas and Masika by the bunker. Lukas motions, and the earth blocking the entrance sinks. They look through the window of the door. 
June: Jace…it’s… a man.
Atmoic Man: Why the tone of surprise?
June gasps, and looks insulted. 
Atomic Man: Oh please, it’s not like your life is exactly normal. Gesturing at Helios. Who is he?
Masika: He is an inhuman, with the ability to absorb and emit energy. We believe he wanted to absorb you.
Atomic Man: Inhumans? Is that what they’re calling it now-a-days? 
Helios struggles in the orbs of ice and telekinetic energy. Sami gasps. 
Sami: Jace! Summon shields around everyone! He’s about to—
Helios releases all the energy stored in him, in a small supernova. Jace and Sami surround the Outliers in shields just in time, but the enchantments around the bunker break, and the walls shatter open. 
Helios: He is mine. 
The Outliers recover, as Helios steps into the bunker, walking towards the Atomic Man. He absorbs all the energy he can as the Atomic Man moves away from him, leaving the remains of the bunker.
Atomic Man: No! get away from me! I don’t want to—
Helios sticks out his hand, and begins to absorb the Atomic Man into him. The Atomic Man runs away, but he is cornered at the edge of the room. 
Atomic Man: No, no, noooo! Ahhhh!!!
Helios places his hand on the Atomic Man, and the entirety of his form is absorbed into Helios over a series of panels. At the end, Helios rises into the air, glowing with energy. 
Helios: The. World. Will. Be. Mine.
Helios rises to the ceiling, and burst through hundreds of feet of earth to the surface.
 
The Outliers, Vol. 3, Book 10:
The Outliers recover, and look through the hole Helios blasted in the roof. 
Jace: We’re screwed!
Sami: Not necessarily. When he absorbed the energy being, Helios absorbed his consciousness too. I could feel him fighting to escape in Helios’s mind. If we helped him out—
Jace: Then Helios would be drained of all his energy.
Masika: We have to get to the surface!
Lukas: On it!
Lukas raises his hands, and the hole Helios made widens with a rumble.
Masika: Everyone, hold on! Sami, help me!
Masika raises her hands, and the Outliers are covered in a blue energy. Sami and Masika lift them all into the air, flying through the hole in the ceiling. They land on the surface, as an energized Helios looks down on them.
Helios: But before I deal with the world, I will finish you!
Helios blasts the Outliers with a huge beam of energy. Lukas, Jace, Sami, and Masika summon shields around the group, and Nathan looks over to Sami.
Nathan: What do we have to do?!
Sami: Distract him!
Lukas sends a blast of earth at Helios, hitting him across the head.
Lukas: He’s too full of energy! He can’t absorb our hits!
Masika: Perfect.
They release the shields, and scatter. Masika sends arrow after arrow of arcane energy at Helios, while dodging his attacks. 
June: Hey, over here, asshole!
Helios turns toward June. 
Helios: Fool. Your taunts are meaningless.
Helios turns towards June, and releases a blast of energy at her. Nathan jumps in the way of the beam with increased density, blocking June from the attack. 
June: Thanks.
Nathan: No one’s dying today.
A blast of ice hits Helios, and he turns away from June and Nathan.
June: Nathan, throw me. 
Nathan: What?
June: Throw me! I’m useless from down here. 
Nathan: I’m not going to—
June: Glaring at Nathan. Just do it.
Nathan grabs June, and throws her at Helios. She flies at him, and kicks him in the back, sending him stumbling in the air. She flips in the air and lassos Helios with a tether around the leg. She begins to fall, pulling on the tether as she does. Helios swings down, smashing into the ground. Nathan jumps at June, catching her midair and landing on the other side of the yard. Helios returns to the air, yet his form shudders, and he temporarily appears to be two people at once, as the form of the Atomic Man attempts to escape. Helios releases a gasp of pain.
Helios: Aaaggghhh! What have you done to me?
Sami: It is not me, Helios. This is your own doing. The Atomic Man is within you, I am merely helping him escape. 
Sami stares at Helios, and his form again shifts, as he screams in pain. He moves towards Sami, yet is stopped by a lasso of water around his waist. He is pulled back by Jace. Helios turns and fires a heat blast, but Jace summons a wall of water in front of him, blocking it. Helios prepares another blast, but again, his form shudders, and he releases another scream of pain.
Helios: Aaaggghhh! Stop that!
Helios turns toward Sami again, and throws a stream of fire at her. However, it falls short, as Helios splits yet again. He falls to his knees.
Helios: Leave. Me. Be!
Helios shoots a beam of energy, which Sami dodges with a sidestep. 
Sami: Masika! Once the Atomic Man is free, I’ll need help containing his power! 
Masika: I am here for you.
Sami: Only one more push…
Sami places her hands to her head, and looks at Helios. He screams in pain as the forms of Helios and the Atomic Man split. The atomic man falls backward, stumbling, as Helios remains on his knees. He is completely removed of energy, and appears as a normal human with shaved dark hair and tan skin. He falls to the side, exhausted. Sami and Masika step toward the Atomic Man, surrounding him in a barrier of telekinetic energy. The rest of the Outliers move toward Helios. They are silent, before Jace speaks.
Jace: Admiral Jones should be here soon. We should watch him until then.
Atomic Man: If you don’t mind, might I get some help rebuilding my home?
Masika: Your home?
Atomic Man: The bunker you destroyed. I mean look at me. I can’t exactly walk around in the open, everything around me would die.
Sami: This is the first sunlight you’ve seen in years, isn’t it?
Atomic Man: Yes, and I miss it. But I knew what I signed up for when they built this place for me. The outside world is safe with me in here.
Masika: You must be very lonely. 
Atomic Man: It can be, but you get used to it. 
Masika: We will visit you, sometime. 
Atmoic Man: Thank you, but it isn’t necessary. It makes me miss the outside world too much.
Masika: Understood.
The Outliers stand there, with the Atomic Man.
Nathan: Why don’t we go fix your place up? 
Masika, Nathan, and Sami go back down the hole with the Atomic Man, leaving Jace, Lukas, and June with Helios. A trio of black Helicopters fly overhead, going towards a landing pad a short distance away.
Jace: Looking toward June and Lukas. I never thanked you for saving me.
Lukas: It was no trouble, you would’ve done the same for us.
June: Not to mention, you haven’t exactly had the time to. 
Jace: Still. Thank you.
June: No problem.
Silence.
Lukas: So uhh… What happened with Ryan?
Jace: Before we left for Admiral Jones, I called his sister. She has him now.
Lukas: Are you two… still… you know?
Jace: I, I don’t think so. 
Lukas: For what it’s worth, I’m sorry. 
Jace: Yeah, me too.
Admiral Jones walks up, with Atmos and Conduit beside him, along with another Golem and a couple of operatives.
Admiral Jones: Well done.
Jace: Thank you, sir. 
Admiral Jones looks at him disapprovingly.
Admiral Jones: So you’ve met Saul?
Jace: Saul?
Admiral Jones: Yes, Saul. The Atomic Man.
Jace: Yeah, he’s a nice guy.
Admiral Jones: I wish you hadn’t disobeyed me, yet I cannot say I am not pleased with the outcome. But let it be said, that this should never happen again.
June: What do you mean? We saved the world.
Admiral Jones: We were going to handle it—
Lukas: No, you weren’t. We were. We did.
Jace: Lukas—
Lukas: No, you shouldn’t be apologizing. We saved lives, and we will do so again.
Admiral Jones: Disapproving. So be it, save the world. But if you ever act against the US government again, we will be forced to intervene. It is better for us to work together than against each other, Mr. Collins. 
Jace: Yes, it is. But Lukas is right. If we hadn’t stopped him, the world would’ve been over, launched into a nuclear war. 
Sami: We will always be here to save the world, Mr. Jones.
Sami, Masika, and Nathan reappear behind the group.
Nathan: We are the Outliers, and we protect people.
Masika: With or without your help.
The Outliers turn away, preparing to leave, leaving Admiral Jones speechless. He is about to say something, but before he does, Masika turns around.
Masika: Oh, and these are yours to deal with too.
Masika opens her pocket dimension, leaving Punch, Jodie, Spore, and Pandemonium next to Helios and the group Admiral Jones brought. The Outliers turn away, and Masika opens a portal, taking them home.


